Leaderboard for star rating:
1526: 13.00905: The early "Dudel-Sack" gave rise to a number of European, Asian and African folk bagpipes, namely, the Volynka (U.S.S.R.), the Bock (German), the Zukra (North Africa), the Gaita (Portugal and Spain), the Zampogna (Italy), the Cornemuse (France), the Moshug (India), the Zumarah (Egypt), and Flemish, Polish, Greek and Hungarian examples.
87: 12.923377: Castelli Romani is a general term for the white wines of the volcanic hills to the south-east of Rome in the region of Lazio which stretch from just outside the city gates (some of the vineyards are in fact within the administrative borders of the city) into the province of Latina, south of the township of Velletri. Over 6,700 hectares/16,750 acres of denominazione di origine controllata (DOC) vineyards fall within the zone and are divided into seven different appellations: Castelli Romani (1,400 hectares of vineyard in the late 1990s); Colli Albani (1,115 hectares), Colli Lanuvini (950 hectares), Frascati (some 2,150 hectares) Marion (1,000 hectares), Montecompari (12 hectares), and Velletri (137 hectares).
2188: 10.850376: The bands of light twisted together to form a comet tail. And then Luma emerged, reborn as a comet. The girl could scarcely believe her eyes. "But... how?" she kept asking. "Our destiny as Lumas is to transform into different things," said a red Luma who had suddenly appeared. "Stars, comets, planets... We can become all of these things!" "When I grow up, I want to become a star that makes someone special smile," said a green Luma. A blue Luma chimed in, "That Luma turned into a real cutie of a comet, didn't he!"
2252: 10.327315: During an SCP-001 event, flowers are observed to spontaneously appear and bloom over 90% of the viable land surface of the planet. These flowers are universally referred to as "vibrant", "bright", "beautiful", and/or words to this effect. The weather will clear, globally, with an ambient temperature recognised as comfortable by the majority of the populace. The global populace will become aware of the fate of the Earth, and of its inevitability. They will also experience heavily decreased levels of violence. SCP-001 will occur exactly 24 hours before the death of all life on the planet.
9999: 10.303345: You knew how much she suffered... Did you really try to understand her? "What will you do now" ...? No, don't you understand? You can't just move on. You want to pick yourself up, continue your journey? This world already remembers everything that you did. What? Where's your sense of triumph? You won, didn't you? You are alive. Do you hate it? Didn't she? Does that justify it? Does that make things better? "Justification"? ...is something wrong with you? Even now... You're only thinking about yourself. With this thought, her heart feels as if made of paper, all falling away. She grips her own hair, but still cannot bring up her left hand.
394: 10.191817: You teach me and I'll teach you, Po-ke-mon! Gotta catch 'em all! Gotta catch 'em all! Every challenge along the way, with courage I will face! I will battle every day, to claim my rightful place! Come with me, the time is right, there's no better team! Arm in arm, we'll win the fight, it's always been our dream! Pokemon! Gotta catch 'em all! It's you and me, I know it's my destiny! Pokemon! Oh, you're my best friend, in a world we must defend! Pokemon! Gotta catch 'em all!
86: 10.184673: Life is a series of decisions. Whether you make the correct decisions or not doesn't matter. The important thing is to keep going forward. Years later, when you look back, perhaps you'll find that the incorrect decisions you made... weren't really incorrect. Similarly, the correct decisions... might not necessarily have been correct. Why struggle with frustration? Why proceed with confusion? In all things... resolution only comes from continuing to move forward. Following this line of reasoning, if there is no such thing as "incorrect," then how can the "correct" exist? Similarly, if there is no "correct," then how can the "incorrect" exist?
1427: 10.168808: Good morning, Agent P. Dr. Doofenshmirtz is on the move. We tracked him to these coordinates when we suddenly lost his signal. We have two scenarios to explain his disappearance. First, that magical elves have caused Dr. Doofenshmirtz to vanish to the land of angry corn people. The second is that he may be on this secret hideout-shaped island with the initial "D" carved into it, that satellites found at the exact... spot... where... he... vanished... uh. You know what, uh, forget the magical elves thing, way off base with that. Anyway, on your way, Agent P.
2380: 10.093801: "Send me your hungry, old Earth. Here's Sam Parkhill, his hot dogs all boiled, his chili cooking, everything neat as a pin. Come on, you Earth, send me your rocket!" "It sure makes you humble," he said among the cooking odors of wieners, warm buns, rich butter. "Step up," he invited the various stars in the sky. "Who'll be the first to buy?"
2379: 10.042121: "Come on," he said. "We've got to get the place fixed! All the hot dogs boiling, the buns warm, the chili cooking, the onions peeled and diced, the relish laid out, the napkins in the dips, the place spotless! Hey!" He did a little wild dance, kicking his heels. "Oh boy, I'm happy; yes sir, I'm happy," he sang off key. "This is my lucky day!"
112: 10.040978: Atticus said to Jem one day, "I'd rather you shot at tin cans in the backyard, but I know you'll go after birds. Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit 'em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird." That was the only time I ever heard Atticus say it was a sin to do something, and I asked Miss Maudie about it. "Your father's right," she said. "Mockingbirds don't do one thing except make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corn cribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird."
1437: 9.972172: Felony tax evasion. Yeah... $200 a day, 365 days a year since you were 12. So that's two decades, so times 20, which is $1,460,000, I think. I mean, I am just a dumb bunny, but we are good at multiplying. Anyway, according to your tax forms, you reported, let me see here... zero! Unfortunately, lying on a federal form is a punishable offense. Five years jail time.
2189: 9.958381: Our story begins a very, very long time ago with a young girl. One day, this girl spotted a rusted spaceship holding a small star child. "What's your name? Are you lost?" the girl asked the star child. "I'm Luma, and I'm waiting for Mama. She's coming for me on a comet!" said the star child, who had been waiting day and night. "Don't worry, I'll wait with you," the little girl promised Luma.
2182: 9.954254: Suddenly, more Lumas began to pop out from the apricot planet. They were different colors, but they all shouted the same thing. "My mama!" "My mama!" The sight of all the shouting Lumas only made the girl laugh harder. "What am I going to do with all these children?" The Lumas just stared blankly as she doubled over laughing. "I guess we'll have to name each and every one of you."
1523: 9.908014: From lowly Neanderthal and Cro-Magnon, to early warriors and medieval knights. All leading up to lunkhead basketball man. Yes, our culture worshiped the aggressor throughout the ages and we end up with spoiled, overpaid, bonehead athletes who contribute little to civilization other than slam dunks and touchdowns. That is the inevitable world of Troy Bolton. But the path of the mind, the path we're on, ours is the path that has brought us to these people: Eleanor Roosevelt, Frida Kahlo, Sandra Day O'Connor, Madame Curie, Jane Goodall, Oprah Winfrey, and so many others who the world reveres.
2216: 9.858229: If I had a diamond heart - oh-oh - I'd give you all my love if I was unbreakable. If I had a diamond heart - oh-oh - you could shoot me with a gun of gold. And if I was unbreakable, I'd walk straight through the bullet, bendin' like a tulip, blue-eyed and foolish - never mind the bruises - into the fire, breakin' through the wires; and give you all I've got. (If I had a diamond heart,) I'd walk straight through the dagger; never break the pattern: diamonds don't shatter, beautiful and battered; into the poison, cry you an ocean, and give you all I've got.
2183: 9.847664: She remembered rubbing the sleep out of her eyes as she followed her father up that hill to look at the stars... she remembered having picnics with her mother on that hill on bright and windy days... and... "I want to go home! I want to go home right now!" The girl burst into tears, and the Lumas didn't know what to do. The girl was shouting now, her face wet with tears. "But I know she's not there! I knew all along that she wasn't out there in the sky! Because... because... she's sleeping under the tree on the hill!" The girl's cries echoed through the stars, and a hush fell over the area.
1879: 9.799283: I'm waking up, I am alive but I feel so strange. All I remind is the invincible line of the enemies. I see my fall as if I'm living it now. But I'm here, I'm chained to this metal bed. I'm alive, what's happened that day? Where am I now? What is this iron room? Please, help me now! Look to your right, I heard a voice inside my mind, "You will no longer live your old life". Inside your cells there's something you're gonna pay: your DNA. I look to the right, I see the planet Earth through a glass. I'm in their starship out in space, I've been captured by alien scum.
2069: 9.777085: Let me explain... You've heard of wishing upon a shooting star? At the "Star Road", your wish is transformed into a star. When it's granted, it then turns into a shooting star and falls down to earth. So you see, the Star Road plays an integral role in granting wishes. But ever since a sword destroyed the "Star Road", everything's come to a halt. No stars have been made since. The way things stand, yours is a world where wishes can't come true anymore.
1434: 9.721066: Finally, the plumber! The garbage disposal is backed up again. The same one you fixed last week, by the way! And while you're at it- Oh, who needs to see that?! Oh, I'll be in the other room. Oh, I mean for crying out loud- What, you're done already? But, you've only been here for like, 15 seconds. And I've been talking for like, half of that. What kind of a plumber are you? A platypus plumber? Perry the platypus plumber? Perry the Platypus!
2187: 9.718202: The pair traveled through the starry skies, and though they encountered many other comets, not one of them held Luma's mother. Luma was despondent. "Now, now, Luma. The rain clouds won't go away if you keep crying," the girl said, giving Luma a squeeze. "I'll give you a present if you stop." The girl closed her eyes and said gently, "I'll take care of you." With these words, she felt a small spark in her heart.
2181: 9.672647: One night, the girl dreamed about her own mother. "Where are you going?" she asked her mother's retreating back. Without turning, her mother replied, "Don't fret, dearest. I'm not going anywhere. I'm always watching over you, like the sun in the day and the moon in the night." A wave of sadness washed over the girl. "What about when it rains, and I can't see the sun or the moon?" Her mother thought for a moment before responding. "I will turn into a star in the clouds and wait for your tears to dry."
88: 9.591083: In the Cote Chalonnaise and the Maconnais to the south, plantings overtook those of Gamay in the 1980s so that there were 4,500 hectares by 1988 and 6,200 hectares by 2000. From the Cote Chalonnaise, the whites of Rully, Mercurey, and Montagny can offer economical, if slightly rustic, versions of the grander names of the Cote d'Or.
2086: 9.588982: The QWERTY layout was created around the 1870s when typing was done on typewriters: that old, mechanical device that had a keyboard and directly printed letters onto a piece of paper using ink. The exact reasons for this design are still unclear - many people say the letters are laid out to make the most common keys harder to reach, therefore reducing the risk of jams - others believe the layout was a result of advice given by morse code telegraph operators. Regardless, the QWERTY layout was designed to solve a problem that no longer exists - so the question remains: why do we still use it?
2137: 9.56935: My instinct was to say, with contrition: "I'm sorry, sir, I'm not prepared" - a considerable indignity - but in a rare moment of inspiration I decided to concoct a bluff, however lame. Said I: "Well, sir, this case was obviously meant to get us to... but I didn't do any of that. The case said that XYZ Company was in a very competitive industry... there would be no point in charging less than everyone else either. So I figured they should just keep charging what everybody else was charging, and I didn't do any calculations." Ahem. The professor blew his stack.
1638: 9.566742: Yeah, I knew Lotso. He was a good toy. A friend. Me and him, we had the same kid, Daisy. I was there when Lotso got unwrapped. Daisy loved us all. But Lotso, Lotso was special. They did everything together. You've never seen a kid and a toy more in love. One day, we took a drive, hit a rest stop, had a little playtime. After lunch, Daisy fell asleep. She never came back. Lotso wouldn't give up. It took forever, but we finally made it back to Daisy's. But by then, it was too late. Something changed that day inside Lotso, something snapped.
2218: 9.521443: I had seen him cry a few times before. It only happened when he was singing or when someone else sang a song that moved him. He played the three-string shamisen, which Kiyo and I called his "pinko-pinko." We would laugh together when we heard him plucking it and whining out Japanese melodies. We would hold our ears and giggle. It was always a great joke between us, except for those rare times when Papa began to weep at the lyrics. Then we would just stare quietly - as I did that night - from some hidden corner of the room. This was always mysterious and incomprehensible.
2174: 9.5155525: This time, I split my knuckle to the bone on his front teeth. My left impaired, I sailed in with my right, but not for long. Uncle Jack pinned my arms to my sides and said, "Stand still!" Aunt Alexandra ministered to Francis, wiping his tears away with her handkerchief, rubbing his hair, patting his cheek. Atticus, Jem, and Uncle Jimmy had come to the back porch when Francis started yelling. Who started this? said Uncle Jack.
1503: 9.51282: Gotta change my answering machine now that I'm alone. 'Cause right now it says that we can't come to the phone. And I know it makes no sense 'cause you walked out the door. But it's the only way I hear your voice anymore. It's been months and for some reason I just can't get over us. And I'm stronger than this, yeah, enough is enough. No more walking 'round with my head down, I'm so over being blue, cryin' over you. And I'm so sick of love songs, so tired of tears. So done with wishin' you were still here. Said I'm so sick of love songs, so sad and slow. So why can't I turn off the radio?
1589: 9.4914665: Also large bugs, men with pointy teeth, and stop, no more, you'll just upset me. Mother's right here, Mother will protect you. Darling, here's what I suggest, skip the drama, stay with mama. Mother knows best. Go ahead, get trampled by a rhino. Go ahead, get mugged and left for dead. Me, I'm just your mother, what do I know? I only bathed and changed and nursed you. Go ahead and leave me, I deserve it. Let me die alone here, be my guest. When it's too late, you'll see, just wait. Mother knows best.
2152: 9.487455: Well son, I'll tell you: life for me ain't been no crystal stair. It's had tacks in it, and splinters, and boards torn up, and places with no carpet on the floor - bare. But all the time I'se been a-climbin' on, and reachin' landin's, and turnin' corners, and sometimes goin' in the dark where there ain't been no light. So boy, don't you turn back. Don't you set down on the steps 'cause you finds it's kinder hard. Don't you fall now - for I'se still goin', honey, I'se still climbin, and life for me ain't been no crystal stair.
1461: 9.486386: Miles, it's your dad. Please open the door. Miles, I can see your shadow moving around. Yeah, okay, I get it. I get it. You're still ignoring me. Look, can we talk for a minute? Something happened to... Look, sometimes people drift apart, Miles. And I don't want that to happen to us, okay? Look, I know I don't always do what you need me to do, or say what you need me to say, but I see this spark in you. It's amazing. It's why I push you. But it's yours, and whatever you choose to do with it, you'll be great. Look, call me when you can. Okay? I love you. You don't have to say it back though.
2285: 9.449647: I've been reading books of old - the legends and the myths: Achilles and his gold, Hercules and his gifts, Spiderman's control, and Batman with his fists; and clearly, I don't see myself upon that list. But she said, "where'd you wanna go? How much you wanna risk? I'm not looking for somebody with some superhuman gifts: some superhero, some fairytale bliss. Just something I can turn to - somebody I can kiss. I want something just like this."
2166: 9.445412: The FitnessGram Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready... start!
1342: 9.4108305: Look at him, all ticked off. He doesn't get it. He doesn't know my secret. What a sap! He still can't even tell that I adore him. Look Brainy, this is just weird. How is it that you're standing behind me again? How did you get in this little arch? Were you waiting for me to come into this alley? What's your deal? OK, I'm not gonna hit you this time. This one's for free. Today I'm feeling generous. But tomorrow, look out.
1650: 9.395311: Where did we come from? Why are we here? Where do we go when we die? What lies beyond, and what lay before? Is anything certain in life? They say "Life is too short. The here and the now", and "You're only given one shot", but there could be more. Have I lived before, or could this be all that we've got? If I die tomorrow, I'd be alright, because I believe that after we're gone the spirit carries on.
2365: 9.383829: What's your Wi-Fi password here? "There is no password." Oh cool, so - "All one word." Wait - "With underscores between each word."
217: 9.374876: Only boxers can understand the loneliness of tennis players - and yet boxers have their corner men and managers. Even a boxer's opponent provides a kind of companionship, someone he can grapple with and grunt at. In tennis you stand face-to-face with the enemy, trade blows with him, but never touch him or talk to him, or anyone else. The rules forbid a tennis player from even talking to his coach while on the court. People sometimes mention the track-and-field runner as a comparably lonely figure, but I have to laugh. At least the runner can feel and smell his opponents. They're inches away. In tennis you're on an island. Of all the games men and women play, tennis is the closest to solitary confinement.
2298: 9.35069: The sky - the genuine sky, not an artificial one - is falling, stopping, falling again, as if grand pieces of a celestial puzzle are being moved and switched by some befuddled god. And... watching it... her smile begins to gradually recede. The look in her eyes grows colder, her breathing slows, and the faint glimmer of excitement provided by this cataclysmic view is snuffed out, replaced with objectivity. Her opinion on the disaster destroying all is delivered in a single word. With a little appreciation, in a mostly hollow tone, she says, "Delightful." As if the word has any meaning. As if the fall has any meaning. As if the world has any meaning.
2124: 9.341838: ...but my kinswoman made no effort to rise. I spoke gently to her. She burst into tears and sobbed pleadingly, "I don't want to go, Clark, I don't want to go!" I understood. For her, just outside the door of the concert-hall, lay the black pond with the cattle-tracked bluffs, the tall, unpainted house, naked as a tower, with weather-curled boards; the crook-backed ash-seedlings where the dishcloths hung to dry, the gaunt, moulting turkeys picking up refuse about the kitchen door.
240: 9.330395: For twelve years you've been asking "Who is John Galt?" This is John Galt speaking. I'm the man who's taken away your victims and thus destroyed your world. You've heard it said that this is an age of moral crisis and that Man's sins are destroying the world. But your chief virtue has been sacrifice, and you've demanded more sacrifices at every disaster. You've sacrificed justice to mercy and happiness to duty. So why should you be afraid of the world around you?
1104: 9.295751: I'm the Big Bob-omb, baron of all blasting matter, king of ka-booms the world over! How dare you scale my mountain? By what right do you set foot on my imperial mountaintop? You may have eluded my guards, but you'll never escape my grasp... and you'll never take away my Power Star. I hereby challenge you Mario! If you want the star I hold, you must prove yourself in battle. Can you pick me up and hurl me to this royal turf? I think that you cannot!
1880: 9.293144: We will steal into your soul. Ride now! Despair and pain inside my heart become a fearful hate. Death pictures in my mind, the start, for me to seal your fate. There is just one thing I'm thinking of. What'd you think milord? Speak, now, to your horde! Dissolution of his power, dust and ash I want! I am your hunter, I'll capture you for all the disaster and pain, you brought to this world. Hate raising up, my heart is burning for. These wounds that will not heal. Take my word this time for real. I am your punisher and my revenge, will strike you fierce and quick!
2177: 9.275029: Refreshed by food, Dill recited this narrative: having been bound in chains and left to die in the basement, Dill worked himself free by pulling the chains from the wall. Still in wrist manacles, he wandered two miles out of Meridian where he discovered a small animal show and was immediately engaged to wash the camel. He traveled with the show all over Mississippi until his infallible sense of direction told him he was in Abbott County, Alabama, just across the river from Maycomb. He walked the rest of the way. "How'd you get here?" asked Jem.
1541: 9.263882: You're on the phone with your girlfriend, she's upset. She's going off about something that you said, 'cause she doesn't get your humor like I do. I'm in my room, it's a typical Tuesday night. I'm listening to the kind of music she doesn't like and she'll never know your story like I do. But she wears short skirts, I wear T-shirts. She's cheer captain and I'm on the bleachers dreaming about the day when you wake up and find that what you're looking for has been here the whole time. If you could see that I'm the one who understands you. Been here all along, so, why can't you see? You belong with me.
1612: 9.229361: I see what's happening, yeah. You're face to face with greatness and it's strange. You don't even know how you feel, it's adorable! Well, it's nice to see that humans never change. Open your eyes, let's begin. Yes, it's really me, it's Maui, breathe it in. I know it's a lot, the hair, the bod, when you're staring at a demigod. What can I say except you're welcome, for the tides, the sun, the sky. Hey, it's okay, it's okay, you're welcome. I'm just an ordinary demi-guy!
412: 9.213357: This is the story of a man named Stanley. Stanley worked for a company in a big building where he was Employee 427. Employee 427's job was simple: he sat at his desk in Room 427 and he pushed buttons on a keyboard. Orders came to him through a monitor on his desk, telling him what buttons to push, how long to push them, and in what order. This is what Employee 427 did every day of every month of every year, and although others may have considered it soul rending, Stanley relished every moment that the orders came in, as though he had been made exactly for this job. And Stanley was happy.
1877: 9.203678: Reporting live from the tallest building in Tokyo. Long ways from them hard ways. Bills and Os and oh-yays. Dade County always, 305 all day. Now, baby, we can parlay or, baby, we can party. She read books, especially about red rooms and tie-ups. I got it hooked, 'cause she seen me in a suit with the red tie tied up. Christian Gris, nice to meet ya, but time is money, only difference is I own it. Now let's stop time and enjoy this moment.
2054: 9.193608: I feel the sun on my face. I see trees all around me, the scent of wildflowers on a breeze. It's so beautiful. In this moment, I'm not stranded in space. It's been 97 years since a nuclear apocalypse killed everyone on Earth, leaving the planet simmering in radiation. Fortunately, there were survivors. 12 nations had operational space stations at the time of the bombs. There is now only the Ark, one station forged from the many. We're told the Earth needs another 100 years to become survivable again. Four more space-locked generations and man can go home, back to the ground. The ground, that's the dream. This is reality.
213: 9.179554: I don't know how much you understand about what is happening outside your locked room, but strangely enough (despite your personality), you have a number of loyal idiots working on your behalf. I have already established an elite body called The Knights of the Idiotic Table. We will be holding an annual dinner at which we'll have fun talking crap about you. (No, you're not invited).
2156: 9.178775: I begin to call Morrie "Coach," the way I used to address my high school track coach. Morrie likes the nickname. "Coach," he says. "All right, I'll be your coach. And you can be my player. You can play all the lovely parts of life that I'm too old for now."
1617: 9.173168: It's out with the old and in with the new. Goodbye clouds of gray, hello skies of blue. A dip in the pool, a trip to the spa, endless days in my chaise, the whole world according to moi. Excuse me? Thank you. Iced tea imported from England. Lifeguards imported from Spain. Towels imported from Turkey, and turkey imported from Maine. We're gonna relax and renew. You go do! I want fabulous, that is my simple request. All things fabulous, bigger and better and best. I need something inspiring to help me get along. I need a little fabulous, is that so wrong?
1900: 9.165894: I will tell you the story of the surprise on that day. I will tell why I am doing so. I did not expect a thing and it's a wonderful thing for my way of life. He said "Do you wanna touch a star? Do you wanna shine more than ever?", I said "I wanna do so by all meanings". I thought such a chance was rare. I got excited very much. At that time I didn't hesitate to make up my mind. Now I feel the change slowly but surely. Oh can I catch the star like everyone else? I know I should 'cause I wanna get it, ready, fly high!
2375: 9.159907: They stood on the porches and tried to believe in the existence of Earth, much as they had once tried to believe in the existence of Mars; it was a problem reversed. But now, tonight, the dead were risen, Earth was reinhabited, memory awoke, a million names were spoken: What was so-and-so doing tonight on Earth? What about this one and that one? The people on the porches glanced sidewise at each other's faces. At nine o'clock Earth seemed to explode, catch fire, and burn. The people on the porches put up their hands as if to beat the fire out. They waited.
1534: 9.137931: Easy come, easy go, that's just how you live. Take it all, but you never give. Shoulda known you was trouble from the first kiss. Had your eyes wide open, why were they open? Gave you all I had and you tossed it in the trash, you tossed it in the trash. To give me all your love is all I ever ask. 'Cause what you don't understand is I'd catch a grenade for ya. Throw my hand on a blade for ya. I'd jump in front of a train for ya. You know I'd do anything for ya. I would go through all this pain, take a bullet straight through my brain. Yes, I would die for ya, baby. But you won't do the same.
1324: 9.124949: I know! You'd think a swank joint like this could spring for a real box of crayons! Oh, and watch your vocab, Kim, "ludicrous" is kind of a grownup word. Remember, you're 12, so maybe "doofy" or "stupido"?
1255: 9.107086: Why would Andy want you? Look at you! You're a Buzz Lightyear! Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you. You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that... that whoosh thing. You're a cool toy. As a matter of fact, you're too cool. I mean - what chance does a toy like me have against a Buzz Lightyear action figure?
1881: 9.103825: And lo, Zargothrax was finally defeated. But in the epic final struggle with the dark sorcerer, the valiant hero Angus McFife realised he had been impaled by the Knife of Evil. As he watched the lifeless corpse of Zargothrax dissolve into liquid dust, Angus knew that soon he himself would be corrupted by the dark power of that cursed blade. And so he resolved that he must make the final sacrifice for the Glory of Dundee. He would end his own life by descending into the raging volcanic fires of Schiehallion!
2284: 9.096778: Where do all the dreams return when they melt away? Where do all the broken-hearted songs stop singing and resign themselves to fate? Why did you go, though we were running freely through open meadows of fire and waterfalls? I thought we'd always last in this story we brought into being. Now all I am is leaving me so slowly; I'll never understand why I'm lonely: we once had it all. It only comes in my mind in shattered little frames all of the times my heart hears your name: I loved you - I loved you in my universe. How can it end? Refrain; I can't amend this pain...
2213: 9.084147: I can hear you far away. I can see you in the distance. I am living for today; I go forth with no resistance. You're the castle in the skies. I'm an island on the ocean. Will we make it through the night - if we're guided by devotion? If we drift to the horizon; if we let it all go, then will you come with me - til' we are free? If we drift to the horizon and if we let it all go, then will you come with me? I'm gonna make it somehow; I'm gonna break through the clouds. I will make you mine. I'm gonna sing it out loud; I'm gonna drown in the sun. Will you leave me a sign?
1396: 9.076031: Oh, are you my new temp? Well, let me just get you up to speed. I know it's bit of a mess. I'm just putting the finishing touches of my latest maniacal plan. You see, in a few minutes, I will unleash an unprecedented reign of terror upon the entire... Tri-State Area! And Perry the Platypus will never be the wiser. Perry the Platypus?! You're a temp? Are times that hard?
2185: 9.068316: That night, when the girl lay down to sleep, a soft light enveloped her and reminded her of the blue planet she once called home. "But it would be nice to return home once every one hundred years to nap in my favorite sleeping nook." The comet carrying the Lumas and the girl continues on its journey to this very day. With more "family members" in tow than can be counted, it's said that the comet visits the girl's home planet once every hundred years, its proud white tail glittering in the sky.
2199: 9.06688: We are taught not to gamble. Perhaps it is thought we have lost enough already: legs, vision, speech, the typical use of our bodies. Others' fears would teach us to cringe at any thought of any risk. Disability and risk don't mix. Risk is something we are supposed to be protected from - by agencies, by professionals - by parents, by doctors - by invisibility, by shame - by confinement if necessary. We must be kept safe: This is one of the lies which fills the beds of the so-called "homes." So we embrace the risks to fight the lies.
1241: 9.051801: Woody, you're not a collector's item. You're a child's plaything. You... are... A TOY! For how much longer? One more rip, and Andy's done with me. And what do I do then, Buzz? Huh? You tell me! Somewhere in that pad of stuffing is a toy who taught me that life's only worth living if you're being loved by a kid. And I traveled all this way to rescue that toy because I believed him.
210: 9.04702: Oh, I'm a goofy goober, yeah! You're a goofy goober, yeah! We're all goofy goobers, yeah! Goofy, goofy, goober, goober, YEAH!
1379: 9.038599: Oh, I'm real. Real enough to defeat YOU! And I did it without your precious gifts, your oh-so-special powers. I'll give them heroics. I'll give them the most spectacular heroics anyone's ever seen! And when I'm old and I've had my fun, I'll sell my inventions so that everyone can be superheroes. Everyone can be super! And when everyone's super... no one will be.
1373: 9.035123: No? Well, he'll look fabulous anyway. Your boy's suit I designed to withstand enormous friction without heating up or wearing out. A useful feature. Your daughter's suit was tricky. But I finally created a sturdy material that will disappear completely as she does. Your suit can stretch as far as you can, without injuring yourself, and still retain its shape. Virtually indestructible... yet it breathes like Egyptian cotton. As an extra feature, each suit contains a homing device, giving you the precise global location of the wearer at the touch of a button. Well, darling? What do you think?
1859: 9.032634: "You know," said Arthur, "it's at times like this, when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse, and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young." Why, what did she tell you? "I don't know, I didn't listen."
964: 9.031368: It's all meaningless. No matter what dreams or hopes you had, it's all the same if you're shredded by rocks. Everyone will die someday. Does that mean life is meaningless? Would you say that of our fallen comrades? Their lives, were they meaningless? No, they weren't! It's us who gives meaning to our fallen comrade's lives! We die trusting the living who follow to find meaning in our lives! That is the sole method in which we can rebel against this cruel world!
2356: 9.029419: I marched ahead into the dark because I wanted to find a better truth. However, the truth is as bitter and merciless as I'd always assumed. I've been in this state for too long to count. I have lost the minutes and hours. And every so often I will see it again: Light - true light - in the distance. Perhaps it has been guiding me. I wouldn't admit this, to anyone. It's like a loss: relinquishing myself to what I've long criticized. However, I feel it for certain: that light is now beckoning me. That light of the old world is shining, and wants me. And in that light, I find deliverance...
1669: 9.019832: Why are you so selfish? Your manner does not change. Why are you so foolish? Your very strange thought does not change. Do you think you're really right? You're a liar, I think so. You are looking at the other side. There is no answer, no! Go away from this place. Do not touch my thing. You don't know your business. I feel disgusted. You never reveal your intention. Can't put up with your manner, that's the limit. No more!
1441: 8.999339: The kind that needs to be muzzled? The kind that makes you think you need to carry around fox repellent? Yeah, don't think I didn't notice that little item the first time we met! So l-let me ask you a question: are you afraid of me? Do you think I might go nuts? Think I might go savage? You think that I might try to... eat you?! I knew it. Just when I thought somebody actually believed in me, huh? Probably best if you don't have a predator as a partner.
1507: 8.982866: I know this might seem strange, but let me know if I'm out of order for stepping to you this way. See, I've been watching you for a while and I just gotta let you know that I'm really feeling your style. 'Cause I have to know your name and leave you with my number, and I hope that you would call me someday. If you want, you can give me yours too and if you don't, I ain't mad at you. We can still be cool. I'm not trying to pressure you, just can't stop thinkin' 'bout you. You ain't even really gotta be my girlfriend. I just wanna know your name and maybe we can hook up, hang out, just chill.
1654: 8.981704: Freedom, calls my name. Serenity, keeps me sane. Happiness, it dulls the pain. Honest, to see my place. Open, to other ways. Willingness, to understand. Justice, but do not judge. Courtesy, for others' flaws. Kindness, it's not that hard. Self-restraint, of tongue and pen. Inventory, my daily friend. Analysis, let down your guard. Look in the mirror, what do you see? The shattered fortress that once bound me.
1901: 8.972845: When the night meets the day, I'll be watchin' the red sky. Hear the whisper of wind, take a power that never end. History tells a lie: we don't believe in the Darkest Age. Change the time of the gloom; we just fight for the freedom. From the past I'm hearing there is a voice that's calling me. Just feel the fire it's never end. On through the night, we are striding on and on. Hear your voices, spreading your wings and fly away. I just feel your power of the steel, so I'll never die in the heat. I just feel your power of the steel, so I'll never die.
1677: 8.96238: Close your eyes and begin to relax, take a deep breath and let it out slowly. Concentrate on your breathing, with each breath you become more relaxed. Imagine a brilliant white light above you, focus in on this light as it flows through your body. Allow yourself to drift off as you fall deeper and deeper into a more relaxed state of mind. Now as I count back from ten to one you will feel more peaceful and calm. Ten, nine, eight, seven, six. You will enter a safe place where nothing can harm you. Five, four, three, two. If at any time you need to come back all you must do is open your eyes. One.
1512: 8.960579: It's undeniable that we should be together. It's unbelievable how I used to say that I'd fall never. The basis is need to know if you don't know just how I feel. Then let me show you now that I'm for real. If all things in time, time will reveal. One, you're like a dream come true. Two, just wanna be with you. Three, girl, it's plain to see that you're the only one for me. And four, repeat steps one through three. Five, make you fall in love with me. If ever I believe my work is done, then I start back at one.
2257: 8.953495: It was a wicked and wild wind: blew down the doors to let me in. Shattered windows and the sounds of drums - people couldn't believe what I'd become: just a puppet on a lonely string. Oh, who would ever want to be King! I hear Jerusalem bells are ringing; Roman Cavalry choirs are singing. Be my mirror, my sword, my shield - my missionaries in a foreign field. For some reason I can't explain, once you'd gone, there was never, never an honest word - and that was when I ruled the world.
1182: 8.951945: You're too good to feel this bad about yourself. I know that, and you should know that. You have true courage and a big heart. I've seen you get knocked down so many times before, and every single time, you get up again. That's real strength. And... and you're ten times funnier than any human I know. See? See, you know you're amazing. You're smart, and fast, and beautiful. Rayla, you're the most amazing person I've ever met.
784: 8.948857: The Kia Stinger. Despite its stunning good looks and an impressive spec sheet, we didn't quite know what to make of the red four-door liftback when it first rolled up to the front door. After all, this is the Korean company's first serious attempt at a sport sedan, whereas we knew what to expect from Hyundai's then-new Genesis luxury marque, a premium sporty midsize Kia aimed at the Germans was quite the proposal.
1537: 8.938704: I've made mistakes. I could have treated you better. I let you get away. There goes my happily ever after. Tell me why, why can't we try and start again? This can't be how our story ends. You're more than my girl, you're my best friend. Tell me you remember when, when I was your man and you were my girl. It was you and me against the world. Baby, ain't nobody gonna love me like the way you do and you ain't never gonna find a love like mine. Tell me what can I do to make it up to you? 'Cause what we got's too good to say goodbye.
1670: 8.925261: What is your shady scheme? It must be so dangerous. Can't you hear others scream? Why are you calm? Your greed is endless. You do not feel anything. Your mind is a dull one. Your existence is annoying. It's not my idea of fun. Shut your mouth. Do not say anything more to me. You don't know your business, I can not agree. You never reveal your ambition. Can't put up with your thinking, that's the limit. No more!
1884: 8.922861: What's become of the world, the colors unfurl revealing a blackened haze. Conditioned to fear, the voice that we hear calling the end of days. Millions of souls under control like pawns to a king, led by a string to the final hour. Lords of technology that fell into the void. Oh shall it be as it was before. Tragedy on every shore. Is this the end of all we know. Innocence lost so long ago. Woven in dreams, the darkest of schemes now takes hold of our destiny. Decades of greed, plague, famine and war, we can't go on like this anymore. Living like fools, chaos will rule this eternal paradise.
1602: 8.917359: Come on, there's something I need to show you. I've wanted to bring you here from the moment you opened your eyes. This is a sacred place. The place of chiefs. There will come a time when you will stand on this peak and place a stone on this mountain. Like I did. Like my father did. And his father and every chief there has ever been. And on that day, when you place your stone, you will raise this whole island higher. You are the future of our people, Moana. They are not out there. They are right here. It's time to be who they need you to be.
2357: 8.907232: I think I'm going to return. If I do, I don't believe I will take the truth with me. I will not forget it, but I will surely leave it behind. I believe it, don't I? I could do the job better than that god. But, I will need hands again for it first. I shouldn't simply think or talk that I might be better. I'll do it. I will. But really... I am not swelling with pride as I escape here. Instead, take this as revenge. I'll change the world, or craft a better one. You've left this one broken so badly. Isn't anything possible? I think so. No... I know it.
1854: 8.905119: The amenities of life have been chasing my soul. And my mind is transcendental, and I'm losing all control. And I'm sinking in the quagmire of illusions and Thoreau. I cry out "My name is T-Bone" as a hound-dog digs a hole. You ask so many questions, what answers should I choose? Is this Plato's heebie-jeebies or just existential blues?
1525: 8.898653: The grip or leumluath (lem-loo-ah) is a movement from Low G, "D" grace note, Low G, back to the melody note. Like the D throw, it is important to play the first Low G clearly. Notice that the grip on a D uses a B instead of a D grace note.
2395: 8.896372: Everybody in the world needs to do this. Everybody in the world needs to see. It was unbelieveable. Unbelieveable. I mean, the little things, the weightlessness. But to see the blue color go whip by, and now you're staring into blackness. That's the thing... And there's something you shoot through, and all of a sudden, as though you whip a sheet off you when you're asleep, and you're looking into blackness, into black ugliness. And you look down. There's the blue down there and black up there. And there is mother Earth and comfort. And up there... is that death? I don't know.
1618: 8.888007: Everybody's always talkin' at me, everybody's tryin' to get in my head. I wanna listen to my own heart talkin', I need to count on myself instead. Did you ever lose yourself to get what you want? Did you ever get on a ride then wanna get off? Did you ever push away the ones you shoulda held close? Did you ever let go, did you ever not know? I'm not gonna stop, that's who I am. I'll give it all I got, that is my plan. Will I find what I lost? You know you can. Bet on it, bet on it.
1509: 8.880852: Now I've searched low and I've searched high, trying to find myself a cutie pie. But, destination leads me to a dead end, over and over and over again. They told me to wait, so I waited, anticipated, debated, and delayed it. But still came up with the same ol' thing, nothing. It seems as if every time I find the right girl she turns out to be the very wrong girl. Tell me y'all, when will this madness stop? I want somebody to love me for me, not because I'm MC Heavy D. I'm looking for a love that's as solid as a rock.
1261: 8.876663: Buzz Lightyear Mission Log. Stardate 4072: My ship has run off course en route to Sector 12. I've crash landed on a strange planet. The impact must have awoken me from hyper-sleep. Terrain seems a bit unstable. No read-out yet if the air is breathable and there seems to be no signs of intelligent life anywhere.
2196: 8.875527: Miss you laughing. Miss you coming in from the cold or one too many meetings. Laughing. I'll order already. I'll order seven helpings, some dumplings, those cold yam noodles that you like. You can come in your light body or skeleton or be invisible; I don't even care. Know you have a long way to travel. Know I don't even know if it's long at all. Wish you could tell me. What you're reading. If you're reading. Miss you. I'm at the table in the back.
2094: 8.872904: I continued getting better every day - after two weeks, I got my first 100 words per minute score. After a month, my first average of a hundred. I was feeling good: my improvement was consistent, and at this rate, I'd be catching up to my QWERTY speed soon. But improving at typing is not a linear process: even though I was getting better every day, after you reach a certain skill level, your improvement rate starts to slow down, just like any other skill. And that reality started to hit me.
1653: 8.865688: Without love, without truth, there can be no turning back. Without faith, without hope, there can be no peace of mind. As the night went on, I started to find my way. I learned about a tragedy, a mystery still today. I tried to get more answers, but he said, "You're on your own". Then he turned away and left me as I stood there all alone. He said, "You'll know the truth as your future days unfold".
1435: 8.865394: We belong together and you know that I'm right. Why do you play with my heart, why do you play with my mind? Said we'd be forever, said it'd never die. How could you love me and leave me and never say goodbye? When I can't sleep at night without holding you tight. Girl, each time I try I just break down and cry. Pain in my head, oh, I'd rather be dead. Spinnin' around and around. Although we've come to the end of the road, still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you.
2026: 8.859355: I'm sorry, but I don't want to be an emperor. That's not my business. I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible: Jew, Gentile, black man, white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone, and the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men's souls...
1874: 8.857128: Vade retro, alter ego; move aside, I'm choking on this life. I think I tolerate your hate, as long as you're afraid. All I wanted was to be with you and suffer every day. Under the moon I hold, a wake for a promise torn. Mortally wounded, feelings sheltered me. Once again my shadow will enter your life. Time to walk with me the last mile! I read a book about a man, a love, a woman, how they died. How I was waved aside, listen how the headless doves cry. I truly see a madman in the mirror when I'm weak. I spent a year in love before I realized it's me!
1868: 8.856443: If you want to know what's behind the show, you ride my carousel and enter life's jail cell. Love and blood begin to meld, you've lost the self that you once held. Merry go round your head - awake, asleep, alive, or dead. The clown that painted a smile on you, is now the one unmasking you. Animated scenes unwind. Dormant figures come to life. Entangled in your own web, a twisted tunnel overhead. A glimpse of light, a drop of dew. You slide into the swimming pool.
1885: 8.848287: Alone I walk among the twisting shadows, tempted by the ancient magic: the Power of Five. My desire to mirror my own image and I will offer you no soul - offer you no soul. Tonight darkness will shadow the light. Symmetry divine, there's no force greater dividing the Fathers of Time. Feel my hate, I'm banished to this wasteland. My Serpents plot the overthrow of your temples and shrines. In the night, my army's rage and fury burning my shadow into the land, vengeance by my hand.
1568: 8.825277: So here's another day I spend away from you. Another night I'm on another broken avenue. My bag is ripped and worn, then again, now so am I. Take what you want to take, what you want to take, what you... I miss the stupid things, we go to sleep and then you wake me up and kick me out of bed at 3 AM. Pick up the phone and hear you saying things to me, do what you want to do, what you want to do, what you. Take me with you, I start to miss you. Take me home, I don't want to be alone tonight. And I do want to show you I will run to you, to you 'til I can't stand on my own anymore.
2025: 8.780713: Pirates are evil? The Marines are righteous? These terms have always changed throughout the course of history! Kids who have never seen peace and kids who have never seen war have different values! Those who stand at the top determine what's wrong and what's right! This very place is neutral ground! Justice will prevail, you say? But of course it will! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!
783: 8.772618: Asked about aerodynamics, Reichman emphasized his team's concern for stability, this is a rather fast vehicle after all. This encouraged serious testing to confirm its capabilities, including making use of computational fluid dynamics, a far cry from using tufts of yarn taped to an already-determined form. For a large vehicle, the weight is much less than some of its rivals, in part due to materials choices. The main structure is aluminum, but to avoid the high-stress, high-weight problems of a rear liftgate, the team made the entire frame for the rear opening out of composites and made the lift panel composite, as well.
1407: 8.771776: So, he was totally checkin' me out, when lil' Ms. Pants walks in front of me. Yeah, yeah. So, I was like, "Um, hello", and she was like, "Oh no, you didn't", then I was like, "Oh, yes I did".
1608: 8.771768: Is that why your hook's not working? You don't wanna talk? Don't talk. You wanna throw me off the boat? Throw me off. You wanna tell me I don't know what I'm doing? I know I don't. I have no idea why the ocean chose me. You're right. But, my island is dying. So I am here. It's just me and you. And I want to help. But I can't if you don't let me.
1439: 8.761639: I trusted you, Nicky. I welcomed you into my home. We broke bread together. Grandmama made you a cannoli. And how did you repay my generosity? With a rug, made from the butt of a skunk. A skunk butt rug. You disrespected me. You disrespected my Grandmama, whom I buried in that skunk butt rug. I told you never to show your face here again, but here you are, snooping around with this... What are you, a performer? What's with the costume?
1271: 8.750938: Cherry MX Brown and Cherry MX Brown RGB switches are tactile-style switches, with a bump along the travel path that provides confirmation every time a keypress is registered. These switches are a balance between click switches and linear switches in terms of audio feedback provided and the force needed to register a keypress. They are preferred by gamers who prioritize accuracy over speed and users who enjoy instantly knowing whether a key was pressed.
80: 8.749008: When the police arrived and found no lion, no broken wall, and no convicts, and the Head behaving like a lunatic, there was an inquiry into the whole thing. And in the inquiry all sorts of things about Experiment House came out, and about ten people got expelled. After that, the Head's friends saw that the Head was no use as a Head, so they got her made an Inspector to interfere with other Heads. And when they found she wasn't much good even at that, they got her into Parliament where she lived happily ever after.
1347: 8.739073: Hey! Good morning, Monstropolis. It's now five after the hour of 6:00 A.M. in the big monster city. Temperature's a balmy 65 degrees, which is good news for you reptiles and, it looks like it's going to be a perfect day to maybe, hey, just lie in bed, sleep in or simply... Work out that flab that's hanging over the bed! Get up, Sulley!
2211: 8.736358: So many questions, but I'm talking to myself; I know that you can't hear me anymore. So much to tell you, and most of all, goodbye, but I know that you can't hear me anymore. The longer I stand here, the louder the silence. I know that you're gone, but sometimes I swear that I hear your voice when the wind blows; so I talk to the shadows, hoping you might be listening 'cause I want you to know: "It's so loud inside my head, with words that I should've said, and as I drown in my regrets, I can't take back the words I never said."
1355: 8.735515: Superladies, they're always trying to tell you their secret identity. Think it'll strengthen the relationship or something like that. I said, "Girl, I don't want to know about your mild-mannered alter ego." Or anything like that. I mean, you tell me you're a super-mega-ultra-lightning-babe, that's all right with me. I'm good. I'm good.
1569: 8.732864: I don't patronize, I realize, I'm losing and this is my real life. I am half asleep, and I am wide awake. This habit is always so hard to break. I don't want to be the bad guy, I've been blaming myself and I think you know why. I'm killing time and time's killing you every way that I do. Did you say, "Please just follow me"? I thought you wanted me 'cause I want you all to myself. I can try and suck it up, I just can't suck it up. Make me feel like some one else.
2367: 8.7321825: Okay, our top-selling microwave oven is in need of some new features. Any ideas? "You know how it has a built-in clock? What if when it's between midnight and six AM all the beeps are three times as loud?" ... That's fantastic. People will love that.
1664: 8.728356: Even if we fell down on the ground, we strongly believe light lights up our feet. Keep going to win, never lose our faith. We are the force of courage. Even if we fell down on the ground, we only believe we can see the rising sun. Keep going to win, never lose our faith until the end. Pray to the edge of the sky. We go to where no one could ever see. Pray to the edge of the sky. Surely we carry out promise with you. Until the end we will keep fighting for you until the end I will stand there for you. And we will stand on the promised land, we'll raise our swords, and raise our flag.
1614: 8.72459: I know everybody on this island seems so happy on this island. Everything is by design. I know everybody on this island has a role on this island. So maybe I can roll with mine. I can lead with pride, I can make us strong, I'll be satisfied if I play along. But, the voice inside sings a different song, what is wrong with me? See the light as it shines on the sea? It's blinding. But no one knows, how deep it goes. And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me, and let me know. What's beyond that line, will I cross that line?
2353: 8.723376: I'm in a foreign state; my thoughts, they slip away. My words are leaving me; they caught an aeroplane because I thought of you - just for the thought of you. Oh lights go down! In the moment, we're lost and found. I just wanna be by your side. If these wings could fly! Oh, curse these walls. In the moment, we're ten feet tall; and how you told me after it all, we'd remember tonight - for the rest of our lives. If these wings could fly...
1370: 8.720981: If you accept, your payment will be triple your current annual salary. Call the number on the card. Voice-matching will be used to ensure security. The supers aren't gone, Mr. Incredible. You're still here. You can still do great things. Or you can listen to police scanners. Your choice. You have 24 hours to respond. Think about it.
1365: 8.710418: I hid a camera. And this time I got him. See? You see? You don't see it? He moves! Right there! Wait, wait! Right... there! Right as I'm sitting down! I don't know how he does it, but there's no tack on my stool before he moves and after he moves, there's a tack! Coincidence? I think not!
51: 8.706759: We're no strangers to love. You know the rules and so do I. A full commitment's what I'm thinking of. You wouldn't get this from any other guy. I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling. Gotta make you understand. Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and desert you. Never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you.
2027: 8.705752: First, let no one rule your mind or body. Take special care that your thoughts remain unfettered... Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not. Consider none your superior whatever their rank or station in life. Treat all fairly, or they will seek revenge. Be careful with your money. Hold fast to your beliefs and others will listen.
2384: 8.700141: There will come soft rains and the smell of the ground, and swallows with their shimmering sound; And frogs in the pools singing at night, and wild plum trees in tremulous white; Robins will wear their feathery fire, whistling their whims on a low fence-wire; And not one will know of the war, not one will care at last when it is done. Not one would mind, neither bird nor tree, if mankind perished utterly; And Spring herself, when she woke at dawn would scarcely know that we were gone.
1652: 8.692079: Alone at night, I feel so strange. I need to find all the answers to my dreams. When I sleep at night, I hear the cries. What does this mean? I shut the door and traveled to another home, I met an older man, he seemed to be alone. I felt that I could trust him, he talked to me that night. "Lad did you know a girl was murdered here? This fatal tragedy was talked about for years." Victoria's gone forever, only memories remain. She passed away, she was so young.
1300: 8.6822195: This is my mom's house. Do you promise to look out for your brothers... No matter what the peril... Will you defend Oozma Kappa? No matter how dangerous? No matter how insurmountable the odds may be? From evils both great and small? In the face of unending pain and... Oh! Forget it! You're in!
1657: 8.6677: Now that you can see all you have done. That where there is despair, I may bring hope. That where there are shadows, I may bring light. It's time to take that step into the kingdom. That where there is sadness, I may bring joy. All your sins will help to make you strong. That I may seek rather to comfort, than to be comforted. That I may seek to understand than to be understood. And help you break right through the prison wall. That I may seek to love, rather than to be loved. For it is by self-forgetting that one finds, it is by forgiving that one is forgiven.
1297: 8.666856: Yeah, I'm a Sullivan! I'm the Sullivan who flunked every test! The one who got kicked out of the program! The one who's so afraid to let everyone down, that I cheated! And I lied! Mike, I'll never know how you feel. But you're not the only failure here. I act scary, Mike. But most of the time... I'm terrified.
130: 8.665688: It's a queer thing, growing up. The years pile up, Hap, but at the same time I'm still ever age I ever was. When we stood before those sea-giants, I felt five years old, awed and scared. When I see a pretty lady, I'm eighteen again! And when my bones remind me, I feel all of my sixty years. All those ages are still inside me, all at once. The years stack up like sediment, and the layers remain.
21: 8.665314: This beastly predator's aggressive ejection of high-speed projectiles makes it one of the most fearsome creatures in the ecosystem. Its body seems to comprise of both biological and mechanical components, and represents one of the most evolutionarily advanced specimens ever observed. The chamber within its torso gives it rapid-fire bio-pellet launch capabilities. What appears to be a tail fin is in fact the base of its counter-weight and ammunition cylinder, so immobilizing this appendage will prevent the groink from attacking... at least in theory. Confirmation of this suspicion remains elusive, as nobody has volunteered to test it.
2256: 8.661062: I used to rule the world: seas would rise when I gave the word. Now in the morning, I sleep alone - sweep the streets I used to own. I used to roll the dice - feel the fear in my enemy's eyes. Listen as the crowd would sing, "Now the old King is dead, long live the King." One minute I held the key; next the walls were closed on me - and I discovered that my castles stand upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand.
114: 8.660268: And my friend said, "I know you love her, but it's over, mate. It doesn't matter, put the phone away. It's never easy to walk away, let her go. It'll be okay. It's gonna hurt for a bit of time. So bottoms up, let's forget tonight. You'll find another and you'll be just fine, let her go. It'll be alright".
1397: 8.646843: Follow-up single?! Who do you think we are, some two-bit hacks who will keep writing you songs simply because you pay us obscene amounts of cash? Phineas and the Ferb-Tones are strictly a one-hit wonder. Good day to you, sir. Diva tantrum, check. Elevator music, check.
1466: 8.644581: My name's Ralph, and I'm a bad guy. Uh, let's see... I'm nine feet tall, I weigh six hundred and forty-three pounds. Got a little bit of a temper on me. My passions bubble very near the surface, I guess, not gonna lie. Anyhoo, what else? Uh... I'm a wrecker. I wreck things, professionally. I mean, I'm very good at what I do. Probably the best I know.
215: 8.643156: It's no accident, I think, that tennis uses the language of life. Advantage, service, fault, break, love, the basic elements of tennis are those of everyday existence, because every match is a life in miniature. Even the structure of tennis, the way the pieces fit inside one another like Russian nesting dolls, mimics the structure of our days. Points become games become sets become tournaments, and it's all so tightly connected that any point can become the turning point. It reminds me of the way seconds become minutes become hours, and any hour can be our finest. Or darkest. It's our choice.
2278: 8.629025: Mr. Peters straightened his tie self-consciously and when Irma handed him a menu, he gestured with it so that the two women at the next table would notice the diamond ring on the fourth finger of his right hand. Both of these things, and also the fact that his hands showed signs of the manicurist, one can blame on the young man who had his picture taken with a derby hat on the back of his head. The young man had never for one second deserted Mr. Peters. He was always there, tugging at Mr. Peters' elbow, making him do things that were not becoming of a man of forty-five.
1492: 8.62657: Go get her! What's the matter with you? After this Great Stone Humptey Dumptey mess, I'd have to bring her home with a medal to get back in the Temple! Wait a minute! That's it! I make Mulan a war hero, and they'll be begging me to come back to work! That's the master plan! Oh, you've done it now, man.
1896: 8.620296: From the dark, we walk to the light. From the shadows we learn to survive. When there's nothing to hide we will find what comes next after light. Destroy, rebuild, now, now, destroy, rebuild, now, now. I hear the angels sing but I hear the demons louder. Destruction chasing me, pulling me under. Pulling me under now, I'm dying to get out. We will never be the same again. From the dark we walk to the light from the shadows we learn to survive when there's nothing to hide we will find what comes next after light.
1416: 8.613113: Ah, there you are, Agent P. We suspect your nemesis, Dr. Doofenshmirtz, has been pilfering bricks from buildings across the Tri-State Area. Animals are rioting, convicts are escaping from the zoo! It's chaos! You've got to stop him, Perry, before it all falls down.
1513: 8.608502: Exactly my point! He was the Phantom of the Opera on Broadway. Now my mom, she's seen that musical twenty-seven times. And she put Michael Crawford's picture in our refrigerator. Yeah, not on it, in it. So my point is, if you play basketball, you're gonna end up on a cereal box. If you sing in musicals, you're gonna end up in my mom's refrigerator.
2195: 8.602189: I think he knows I'm alive, having come down the tree steps of the back porch and given me a good once over. All afternoon he's been moving back and forth, gathering odd bits of walnut shells and twigs, while all about him the great fields tumble to the blades of the thresher. He's lucky to be where he is, wild with all that happens. He's lucky he's not one of the shadows living in the blond heart of the wheat. The autumn when trees bolt, dark with the fires of starlight, he'll curl among their roots, wanting nothing but the slow burn of matter on which he fastens like a small, brown flame.
2268: 8.596726: Even in a book of lies sometimes you find truth. There is indeed a season for all things and now that I see you flesh-to-flesh and blood-to-blood I know I cannot raise my hand against you. But know this, you are my greatest disappointment. Does your master hear me? Atlas! You can kill me, but you will never have my city. My strength is not in steel and fire, that is what the parasites will never understand. A season for all things! A time to live and a time to die, a time to build... and a time to destroy!
2081: 8.593731: Consider this claim: as I walk along, time - as measured by my wristwatch or my aging process - slows down. Also, I shrink in the direction of motion. Also, I get more massive. Who has ever witnessed such a thing? It's easy to dismiss it out of hand. Here's another: matter and antimatter are all the time, throughout the Universe, being created from nothing. Here's a third: once in a very great while, your car will spontaneously ooze through the brick wall of your garage and be found the next morning on the street.
1539: 8.589181: Listen, baby. Ain't no mountain high, ain't no valley low, ain't no river wide enough, baby. If you need me, call me. No matter where you are, no matter how far, don't worry, baby. Just call my name, I'll be there in a hurry, you don't have to worry. 'Cause baby, there ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no valley low enough, ain't no river wide enough, to keep me from getting to you, babe.
1582: 8.582466: That's why I'm here, Mr. Freeman. I have recommended your services to my employers, and they have authorized me to offer you a job. They agree with me that you have limitless potential. You've proved yourself a decisive man, so I don't expect you'll have any trouble deciding what to do. If you're interested, just step into the portal and I will take that as a yes. Otherwise, well, I can offer you a battle you have no chance of winning. Rather an anticlimax, after what you've just survived. Time to choose. It's time to choose.
1898: 8.571395: Lost in a dream, finally it seems, emptiness and everlasting madness. See the sadness grow, watching as we know, long before our journey for the world. Call for us, the power in all of us. So far beyond the blackened sky tonight. Glorious, forever more in us, we are victorious, and so alive. We'll all find our sacrifice tomorrow, our journey on towards a brighter day. Silent tears we left behind, still so far away, across the endless sands through the fields of our despair. Free for all eternity, we stand. Rise above the universe tonight, Starchaser.
1720: 8.568802: A kitten has just slipped and fallen into a pond. All these geese are going nuts - flapping, honking, and making the poor little cat's panic fifty times worse than it already is. Suddenly, a big dog - maybe a Chocolate Lab? - Jumps into the water and paddles over, trying to grab the kitten by the scruff of the neck. It's a matter of life and death. The kitten is struggling, about to go under.
2296: 8.566125: She doesn't have much left before she falls from weariness alone. Perhaps she could find an anomaly, but say she couldn't. What then? She couldn't, so, "then" is "now." So? How do you go on when the way is completely obstructed? Should you...? Go on?
1073: 8.554833: What car enthusiast doesn't love a small, two-seat roadster with a manual gearbox and a high-revving dual overhead cam engine? For those reasons and many others, Honda's S2000 sports car, launched for the 2000 model year, became an instant hit.
1894: 8.545223: I try to enter deep inside and devour everything. All I need is power to take control till destroying. To see the light of the seven signs and reach the prophecy. All I feel is anger inside to take control till destroying. To break down till the end. Just hide away into your mind, there is no place for me to die. Call me invincible spy, fear and panic everywhere. You can pass away, I'll keep your soul and all remains. I'm vicious caller, tears and chaos everywhere, end is not so far away.
1395: 8.531001: A platypus? Perry the Platypus? You are mine now! No, that was the garage door opener. You are mine now! And that was the TV remote. You are mine now! Now I shall finally rid myself of you! But first, pay your attention to the giant screen and- Maybe I need to turn the cable on first?
1519: 8.527626: Look, you see what's happening here man? Our team is coming apart because of your singing thing. Even the drama geeks and the brainiacs suddenly think they can... talk to us. Look, the skater dudes are mingling. Suddenly people think that they can do other stuff. Stuff that is not their stuff. They've got you thinking about show tunes when we've got a playoff game next week.
1837: 8.525645: Of course. Why else would one keep one's ancestors around? You think a man designed the first Guild ship? Your history books told you it was Aurelius Venport? They lied. It was his mistress, Norma. She gave him the design along with five children. He thought his ego would take no less. In the end, the knowledge that he had not really fulfilled his own image, that was what destroyed him.
2276: 8.525083: The history book, which he propped against the catsup and the glass sugar bowl, had been used by others before him. Blank pages front and back were filled in with maps, drawings, dates, comic cartoons, and organs of the body; also with names and messages no longer clear and never absolutely legible. On nearly every other page there was some marginal notation, either in ink or in very hard pencil. And unless someone had upset a glass of water, the marks on page 177 were from tears.
1254: 8.524619: Ah, how shall I do it? Oh, I know. I'll turn him into a flea, a harmless, little flea, and then I'll put that flea in a box, and then I'll put that box inside of another box, and then I'll mail that box to myself, and when it arrives... I'll smash it with a hammer! It's brilliant, brilliant, brilliant, I tell you! Genius, I say! Or, to save on postage, I'll just poison him with this.
2193: 8.519334: I watched her for a moment and she said he was sure he couldn't pay more than seventeen fifty for that china. She reached into the red velvet case, took out a dinner plate and hurled it at the floor right in front of his feet... Mama took out another dinner plate and hurled it at the floor, then another and another, never moving, never opening her mouth, just quivering and glaring at the retreating dealer, with tears streaming down her cheeks... When he was gone she stood there smashing cups and bowls and platters until the whole set lay in scattered blue and white fragments across the wooden floor.
2040: 8.518141: In the past, I have made no secret of my disdain for Chef Gusteau's famous motto: Anyone can cook. But I realize, only now do I truly understand what he meant. Not everyone can become a great artist, but a great artist can come from anywhere. It is difficult to imagine more humble origins than those of the genius now cooking at Gusteau's, who is, in this critic's opinion, nothing less than the finest chef in France. I will be returning to Gusteau's soon, hungry for more.
2178: 8.515156: There was a man Dill had heard of who had a boat that he rowed across to a foggy island where all these babies were; you could order one - "That's a lie. Aunty said God drops 'em down the chimney. At least that's what I think she said." For once, Aunty's diction had not been too clear.
1883: 8.5001545: Now I face out, I hold out, I reach out to the truth of my life seeking to seize on the whole moment. Yeah, naked truth lies only if you realize, appearing in nobody's eyes till they sterilize. Stop the guerrilla warfare to keep it fair, bro, change your rage to a smarter greater cause, you know the stake is high stardom is near. Those who sympathized, you die killers pass by. Do not waste your time in hating flirting guys. Use your might to AIs do justice to them all.
2332: 8.495713: If you can get 1% better each day for one year, you'll end up 37 times better by the time you're done. Conversely, if you get 1% worse each day for one year, you'll decline nearly down to zero. What starts as a small win or a minor setback accumulates into something much more.
1508: 8.492526: I'm surprised that you called. 'Cause the way you walked away, I thought I wasn't gon' see you no more. Since you didn't wanna give me your math, I thought that you were iggin' me, and wasn't diggin' me. But anyway, what you doing tonight? I'll probably be with my peeps. If it's cool with you, maybe we'll swing by and you can just chill with us, or you can just chill with me. As long as you're comfortable and you feel secure when you're with me.
2125: 8.491196: The day I opened up memory's door, I found something that I could live for. Curtains shook my eyes and light came rushing inside. Data behind my heart's encryption key - listen and you might hear a melody. Your fire sparked the passion that keeps burning: magic that helps me to believe. All the colors of the night and the way they help you hide; I'm learning what it's like to love and be alive. Oh, there will always be a tomorrow; you'll never have to be alone!
132: 8.491055: Making mistakes is part of learning to choose well. No way around it. Choices are thrust upon us, and we don't always get things right. Even postponing or avoiding a decision can become a choice that carries heavy consequences. Mistakes can be painful-sometimes they cause irrevocable harm-but welcome to Earth. Poor choices are part of growing up, and part of life. You will make bad choices, and you will be affected by the poor choices of others. We must rise above such things.
2281: 8.479366: The bottom line? Today's organic farming practices are probably best deployed in fruit and vegetable farms, where growing nutrition (not just bulk calories) is the primary goal. But for delivering sheer calories, especially in our staple crops of wheat, rice, maize, soybeans and so on, conventional farms have the advantage right now.
137: 8.477619: I walked up to Griz and poked him in the chest. "Let me make this perfectly clear to you. Though some might seek to make it appear otherwise, I am not a bride to be bartered away to another kingdom, not a prize of war, not a mouthpiece for your Komizar. I am not a chip in a card game to be mindlessly tossed into the center of the pot, nor one to be kept in the tight fist of a greedy opponent. I am a player seated at the table alongside everyone else, and from this day forward, I will play my own hand as I see fit. Do you understand me? Because the consequences could be ugly if someone thought otherwise."
267: 8.472919: The roots will heal in time... as will the entire world. The sacrifices have been made. Just as the orcs, humans, and night elves discarded their old hatreds and stood united against a common foe, so did nature herself rise up to banish the Shadow forever. As for me, I came back to ensure that there would be a future, to teach the world that it no longer needed Guardians. The hope for future generations has always resided in mortal hands. And now that my task is done, I will take my place amongst the legends of the past.
1613: 8.469427: I've been staring at the edge of the water long as I can remember, never really knowing why. I wish I could be the perfect daughter, but I come back to the water, no matter how hard I try. Every turn I take, every trail I track, every path I make, every road leads back, to the place I know where I cannot go, where I long to be. See the line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me. And no one knows, how far it goes. If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me, one day I'll know. If I go there's just no telling how far I'll go.
1899: 8.467091: Hiding in the fog where darkness meets the moonlight I will sing a melody till the morning comes. Living for you only, take my hand and show me. There will be much sorrow when the morning comes. Fearless I'm fighting the pain burns inside of me; find the forces of my soul. No one can understand me, am I condemned to ride the blackest night alone? Tragic painting on the walls. In this castle where affliction reigns so many died in vain, hear their distant cries. Never again!
831: 8.452091: Far away far away never getting close, guess it's best cause if you came back all you'd ever see was ghosts. Maybe I should have gone with you, warning signs were always there, if I stayed here any longer I might lose my chance forever. Yeah I'm sinking in the quicksand of a place I once called home, that's growing everyday but I've never felt more alone. Well you went out on your own, I wonder if you feel the same. Loneliness is quite the company I hope that you're okay.
2377: 8.443752: Who are we, anyway? The majority? Is that the answer? The majority is always holy, is it now? Always, always; just never wrong for one little insignificant tiny moment, is it? Never ever wrong in ten million years? He thought: What is this majority and who are in it? And what do they think and how did they get that way and will they ever change and how the devil did I get caught in this rotten majority?
1497: 8.443733: Let's get down to business, to defeat the Huns. Did they send me daughters when I asked for sons? You're the saddest bunch I ever met. But you can bet, before we're through Mister, I'll make a man out of you. Tranquil as a forest, but on fire within. Once you find your center, you are sure to win. You're a spineless, pale, pathetic lot and you haven't got a clue. Somehow, I'll make a man out of you.
1662: 8.437725: Yes, I am a soldier, promise I'll always fight in the cause of justice. But I don't do it by order, I'm always an enemy to injustice. Voices crying in the wilderness, somebody is asking for my help. Rise against! Out loud! Show you my noble action. Win or lose to be proud. I'll prove my devotion. With a rage like a shroud. I'm ready for action, feel my riot of emotion. I only fight in the cause of justice. I am an enemy to injustice.
414: 8.432193: I don't get it. I made my house a mess, which was making it clean, which made Squidward clean my yard, but that really means he's messing it up. But the opposite of clean is filth, which means filth is clean, that means Squidward is really making my yard a wreck, but I normally wreck my own yard which means Squidward is being the opposite of Squidward which means he's SpongeBob!
1352: 8.427001: What are you doing? Take your hands off me! You can't arrest me! I hope you're happy, Sullivan! You've destroyed this company! Monsters Incorporated is dead! Where will everyone get their scream now? The energy crisis will only get worse! Because of you!
1443: 8.426147: Wait, listen! I... I know you'll never forgive me. And I don't blame you. I wouldn't forgive me either. I was ignorant and irresponsible and small-minded. But predators shouldn't suffer because of my mistakes. I have to fix this, but I can't do it without you. And after we're done... you can hate me. And that'll be fine, because I was a horrible friend, and I hurt you, and you- and you can walk away knowing that you were right all along. I really am just a dumb bunny.
2032: 8.425068: "All of it, all of it," Hammond said. "Everything on that island is state-of-the-art. You'll see for yourself, Donald. It's perfectly wonderful. That's why this... concern... is so misplaced. There's absolutely no problem with the island."
2048: 8.421367: Who made man's power? Who made the deaf, the mute, the seeing and the blind? Was it not I? Now go! Oh, Moses. I shall be with you when you go to the king of Egypt, but Pharaoh will not listen. So I will stretch out my hand and smite Egypt with all my wonders. Take the staff in your hand Moses. With it, you shall do my wonders. I shall be with you, Moses.
1111: 8.416791: I was confronted by a world that I could see and touch but didn't know how to talk about. There were so many words and names that I just didn't have. Flowers, trees, birds, reptiles, organs. The words you learn as you grow up in a country the ones the language reserves for people who are immersed in it and denies to those who just dip their toes in every now and then. The words for Saturday-afternoon strolls and summer camps and weekends in the country. Words from peaceful lives, lives that belong to the people living them.
2173: 8.413212: I told you that if you hadn't lost your head I'd have made you go read to her. I wanted you to see something about her - I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin but you begin anyway and you see it through no matter what. You rarely win, but sometimes you do. Mrs. Dubose won, all ninety-eight pounds of her. According to her views, she died beholden to nothing and nobody. She was the bravest person I ever knew.
1343: 8.41162: Thank you, Arnold, for bringing this very serious issue to our attention. Now, people, one of our own classmates is in trouble and it's up to us to help her through her crisis. I think we should all go over to Phoebe's after school and tell her that she has nothing to be embarrassed about. I think we should tell her that we love her and care for her and if she comes back to school, we'll all forget about her little incident and never talk about it again! What do you say?! Okay, if we pull this off, then tomorrow's Movie Day.
1660: 8.410173: The fleeting winds of time, flying through each day. All the things I should've done, but time just slipped away. Remember seize the day. Life goes by in the blink of an eye, with so much left to say. These were the best of times, I'll miss these days. Your spirit lit my life each day. Thank you for the inspiration. Thank you for the smiles. All the unconditional love. That carried me for miles. It carried me for miles, but most of all, thank you for my life.
2161: 8.405633: ...eventually a deep silence falls and we begin to notice the smallest sounds, the radiator humming in the corner of the room, the nasal breathing of one of the fat students. Some of us are agitated. When is he going to say something? We squirm, check our watches. A few students look out the window, trying to be above it all. This goes on a good fifteen minutes, before Morrie finally breaks in with a whisper. "What's happening here?" he asks.
2368: 8.39159: The pact is sealed! I shall destroy Billy Westlake for his insulting words about your mother! "No. I wish for him to stub his toe, and the day before it finally heals, he will stub it again. Over and over. Forever." ... Dang kid, I gotta write this one down.
2204: 8.38955: Use why-how laddering to flesh out varying user needs and find a middle ground that's both meaningful and actionable. As a general rule, asking "why" yields abstract statements and asking "how" yields specific statements. Often times abstract statements are more meaningful, but not as actionable. The opposite is true of more specific statements.
238: 8.387211: While some enzymes methylate the tails of histone proteins, a different set of enzymes can methylate certain bases in the DNA itself, usually cytosine. Such DNA methylation occurs in most plants, animals, and fungi. Long stretches of inactive DNA, such as that of inactivated mammalian X chromosomes.
1442: 8.379078: Night howlers aren't wolves. They're flowers. The flowers are making the predators go savage. That's it! That's what I've been missing! Keys! Keys! Keys! Hurry! Come on! Thank you, I love you, bye!
1585: 8.375072: I realize this moment may not be the most convenient for a heart-to-heart, but I had to wait until your friends were otherwise occupied. There was a time they cared nothing for Miss Vance. When their only experience of humanity was a crowbar coming at them down a steel corridor. When I plucked her from Black Mesa I acted in the face of objections that she was a mere child and of no practical use to anyone. I have learned to ignore such naysayers when quelling them was out of the question. Still I am not one to squander my investments and I remain confident she was worth far more than the initial appraisal.
1583: 8.36419: Rise and shine, Mr. Freeman. Rise and shine. Not that I wish to imply you have been sleeping on the job. No one is more deserving of a rest. And all the effort in the world would have gone to waste until... Well, let's just say your hour has come again. The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. So, wake up, Mr. Freeman. Wake up and smell the ashes.
67: 8.362205: You know what? You're right. He was just a stupid bureaucrat. A stupid paper-pushing bureaucrat. A stupid I-dotting, chair squashing... Oh. No offense, Hermes. You're not like that. I mean, you're exactly like that, but you're okay!
1264: 8.361711: Couldn't handle Buzz cutting on your playtime, could you Woody? Didn't wanna face the fact that Buzz might be Andy's new favorite toy. So you got rid of him. Well what if Andy starts playing with me more Woody, huh? You gonna knock me out the window too?
1068: 8.354521: Achilles (a Greek warrior, the fleetest of foot of all mortals) and a Tortoise are standing together on a dusty runway in the hot sun. Far down the runway, on a tall flagpole, there hangs a large rectangular flag. The flag is solid red, except where a thin ring-shaped hole has been cut out of it, through which one can see the sky.
2240: 8.341111: White stones border the path. Two dogs are following an old woman in gardening clothes as she strolls along. She is in the middle distance, small beneath the trees, beneath the snowy peaks. It is winter. All the elms are bare. The scene is both stark and comforting. This path leads toward one edge of the camp, but the wire is out of sight, or out of focus. The tiny woman very much seems at ease. She and her tiny dogs seemed swallowed by the landscape, or floating in it.
1506: 8.336876: Want to but I can't help it, I love the way it feels. It's got me stuck between my fantasy and what is real. I need it when I want it, I want it when I don't. Tell myself I'll stop everyday, knowin' that I won't. I got a problem and I don't know what to do about it, even if I did I don't know if I would quit. But, I doubt it. I'm taken by the thought of it. And I know this much is true. Baby, you have become my addiction. I'm so strung out on you, I can barely move. But, I like it. And it's all because of you.
60: 8.320755: Oh, you have to trust me, Regina. I know best. Love is weakness, Regina. It feels real now. At the start, it always does. But, it's an illusion. It fades. And then, you're left with nothing. But power, true power, endures. And then, you don't have to rely on anyone to get what you want. I've saved you, my love.
54: 8.316761: When the comet last came, my grandfather, Fire Lord Sozin, used it to wipe out the Air Nomads. Now, I will use its power to end the Earth Kingdom... permanently. From our airships, we will rain fire over their lands, a fire that will destroy everything; and out of the ashes, a new world will be born, a world in which all the lands are Fire Nation and I am the supreme ruler of everything!
1834: 8.313573: "Here I am and here I remain!", he barked. There was an abortive movement of flagons toward mouths - stopped as the Duke remained with arm upraised. "My toast is one of those maxims so dear to our hearts: 'Business makes progress! Fortune passes everywhere!'"
1546: 8.31067: Physical wounds will definitely bleed and may look painful but over time they heal by themselves and if you apply medicine, they will heal faster. What's troublesome are wounds of the heart. Nothing is harder to heal. They're a bit different from physical injuries. You can't apply medicine for one thing and sometimes, they never heal. There's only one cure for a wound of the heart. It's a bit bothersome and you can only receive it from someone else. What is it? Love.
1072: 8.306741: The massive folding door encompasses nearly one whole wall of the hangar. A push of a button sends power to a system of humming pulleys and cables that slowly, tediously raises the enormous barricade out of the way. You would normally see a private jet parked here, but today the hangar houses the cars left behind and mostly untouched after their owner, actor Paul Walker, died more than six years ago, in November 2013.
1374: 8.305406: You are Elastigirl! My God! Pull yourself together! What will you do, is... is-is this a question?! You will show him you remember that he is Mr. Incredible, and you will remind him who you are! Well, you don't know where he is, go, confront the problem! Fight! WIN!
1619: 8.3042755: I gotta say what's on my mind. Somethin' about us doesn't seem right these days. Life keeps getting in the way. Whenever we try, somehow, the plan is always rearranged. It's so hard to say, but I gotta do what's best for me. You'll be okay. I've got to move on and be who I am. I just don't belong here, I hope you understand. We might find a place in this world someday. But at least for now, I gotta go my own way.
2066: 8.3036785: Do not stand at my grave and weep. I am not there, I do not sleep. I am a thousand winds that blow; I am the diamond glints on the snow. I am the sunlight on ripened grain; I am the gentle autumn's rain. When you awaken in the morning's hush, I am the swift uplifting rush (of quiet birds in circled flight). I am the soft star that shines at night. Do not stand at my grave and cry. I am not there; I did not die.
2234: 8.298683: Alright, close your eyes. I want you to think of a flower. Look at its contours, its curves. Now I want you to imagine it: changing, moving backwards, returning to its bud. Think of that bud, unopened. Look at it, as a whole, and silently repeat these phrases: "May you be free from suffering. May you be free from fear. May you know peace and joy."
1878: 8.298168: Eternal night, age of the dying light. Lights in the sky have been fading, winter winds of ice are coming. Prophecies told of a mage of the winter snow, wizard of blizzard, master of ice, wielding magical might. Long long ago, centuries past, he returns with fire and light. Storming through the skies, the stars falling on the night of winterlight. Soaring high above, white fields, frozen on the nights of winterlight. Rise through the ice and a new dawn will arise beyond the night of winterlight.
170: 8.293881: I stood on tiptoe, hastily looked around once more, reached into the hole, and withdrew two pieces of chewing gum minus their outer wrappers. My first impulse was to get it into my mouth as quickly as possible, but I remembered where I was. I ran home, and on our front porch I examined my loot. The gum looked fresh. I sniffed it and it smelled all right. I licked it and waited for a while. When I did not die I crammed it into my mouth: Wrigley's Double-Mint.
1388: 8.288397: When I'm with you, I hear a sound that makes me laugh and smile and sing to you. When I'm with you, I feel so free. I love that love is going to take control of me. When I'm with you, it's for real. What I feel, when I'm with you. When I'm with you, I wonder why people do stop and stare and smile at us. When I'm with you, the sun shines my way. Baby, our love reflects its rays of light on everyone in the world.
1793: 8.286642: Well, well, well. Welcome TO MY LAIR! Lemme just flag something up: according to the control panel light up there, the entire building's going to self-destruct in about six minutes. Pretty sure it's a problem with the light. I think the light's on the blink. But just in case it isn't, I actually am going to have to kill you. As discussed earlier.
1668: 8.28204: Oh, please let me hear your voice, the angel of salvation. Wonder if she talks to me and holds my body certainly. So, please let me hear your voice, the angel of salvation. Wonder if she takes on me, wonder if she gives her love to me. Oh, please let me hear your voice, the angel of salvation. Wonder if she talks to me and holds my body certainly. So, please let me hear your voice, the angel of salvation. Wonder if she takes on me. Wonder if she gives her love to me.
1897: 8.281221: Ride from the mountains and rise from the seas. Steel of the warriors, you bow to your knees. Sail through the darkness, the true prophecy. Cursed is the night in the sea of dreams. A blaze of light beyond the eastern sky. The stairs of doom towards the ivory tower. A vengeful death that waits for all this time. The judgement has passed, we all now die. A mess of torment for a thousand souls. The unseen fury of the ancient scrolls. The years of torture that have been foretold. A lifetime of fear, they now behold.
1876: 8.265896: Strawberry blonde, your stranglehold on my heart is bound to end. I suppose, life sometimes, it doesn't go the way it was meant. Though you never were a believer, I assure you - I won't die before you. You read the book now, the part: Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. Short is the fight of this little starling. Love sounds familiar, but the emotion escapes me. I will carpe the diem while it's still here. And see how the fear of death becomes her.
1431: 8.265284: Brothers. Does every sister have to deal with this? No. Do I have to deal with this? Of course. You'd think I'd have better things to do and more important things to worry about. Every single day it's one thing after another. But do Mom and Dad see it? No. Do they get in trouble? No. And another thing...
81: 8.25278: We tend to think that we are happier if we take things into our own hands. The opposite is true: Simona Botti from Cornell University has shown in experiments that when we make our own decisions we suffer nagging doubt that we didn't make the best choice. However, if another person decides for us, or if we toss a coin, we are either grateful or - if the outcome is bad - can blame someone else.
1839: 8.252448: Perhaps you've seen it, maybe in a dream. A murky, forgotten land. A place where souls may mend your ailing mind. You will lose everything, once branded. The symbol of the curse. An augur of darkness. Your past, your future, your very light. None will have meaning and you won't even care. By then you'll be something other than human. A thing that feeds on souls. A hollow.
2263: 8.251551: This church had no walls, no ceiling, no altar, no stained glass windows. Granite outcroppings and boulders served as walls; tall pines were the support beams. The ceiling was the deep blue sky that canopied the highest ridge, the tallest tree. Instead of richly colored stained glass windows, we looked out on pine-covered ridges mounting one after another, each one higher, as if to touch the still hidden snowcaps we knew to be just beyond our line of vision.
2151: 8.241761: What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up like a raisin in the sun? Or fester like a sore- and then run? Does it stink like rotten meat? Or crust over- like a syrupy sweet? Maybe it just sags like a heavy load. Or does it... explode?
1998: 8.236637: "Alfred Simmonds, Horse Slaughterer and Glue Boiler, Willingdon. Dealer in Hides and Bonemeal. Kennels Supplied." Do you not understand what that means? They are taking Boxer to the knacker's!
2084: 8.228851: "I won't shout at you," Nynaeve shouted. "And all the rest, too. I promise, you... you...!" She gobbled on the edge of swallowing her tongue as she realized she could not call him one of the names he warranted without breaking the promise already. And yet, the effect of her shout was most gratifying.
916: 8.226504: Baby, love never felt so good. And I'd doubt if it ever could. Not like you hold me, hold me. Oh baby, love never felt so fine. And I'd doubt if it's ever mine. Not like you hold me, hold me. And the night is gonna be just fine. Gotta fly, gotta see, can't believe, I can't take it.
1661: 8.215581: The smile of dawn, arrived early May, she carried a gift from her home. The night shed a tear to tell her of fear and of sorrow and pain she'll never outgrow. Death is the first dance, eternal. There's no more freedom, the both of you will be confined to this mind. I was told there's a miracle for each day that I try. I was told there's a new love that's born for each one that has died. I was told there'd be no one to call on when I feel alone and afraid. I was told if you dream of the next world. You'll find yourself swimming in a lake of fire.
29: 8.211906: It is those who are successful, in other words, who are most likely to be given the kinds of special opportunities that lead to further success. It's the rich who get the biggest tax breaks. It's the best students who get the best teaching and most attention. And it's the biggest nine and ten-year-olds who get the most coaching and practice. Success is the result of what sociologists like to call "accumulative advantage".
163: 8.210718: Whose woods these are I think I know. His house is in the village though; he will not see me stopping here to watch his woods fill up with snow. My little horse must think it queer to stop without a farmhouse near between the woods and frozen lake the darkest evening of the year. He gives his harness bells a shake to ask if there is some mistake. The only other sound's the sweep of easy wind and downy flake. The woods are lovely, dark and deep, but I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep, and miles to go before I sleep.
2046: 8.205692: You know, we always called each other good fellas. Like you said to, uh, somebody, "You're gonna like this guy. He's all right. He's a good fella. He's one of us." You understand? We were good fellas. Wise guys.
1544: 8.201859: Don't tell your friends that I don't mean nothing to you. Please, don't deny the truth. Tell me right now, I know your heart is in the right place. You know I won't let you down. You can't disguise all the pounding of your heart. I see your eyes and you can't hide. Start to make sense and quit playin' these love games. Tell me what you're gonna do. Quit breakin' my heart.
1106: 8.199176: A group of English separatists sought even more religious freedom and fled to Holland in 1608, only to find life in this foreign country totally unsuited to their needs and temperament. They decided to relocate. They gained permission from the London Company to settle in Virginia. Thus authorized, they departed Holland and sailed aboard the Mayflower to the New World.
1805: 8.192712: Now, if you're part of Control Group Kepler-Seven, we implanted a tiny microchip about the size of a postcard into your skull. Most likely you've forgotten it's even there, but if it starts vibrating and beeping during this next test, let us know, because that means it's about to hit five hundred degrees, so we're gonna need to go ahead and get that out of you pretty fast.
97: 8.1921215: Welcome to 'Visions of Nature'. This room has several paintings in it. Some are big, some are small. People did them and they're here now. I believe that after this is over, they'll be hung in government buildings. Why the government is involved in an art show is beyond me. I also think it's pointless for a human to paint scenes of nature when they could just go outside and stand in it. Anyway, please do not misinterpret the fact that I am talking right now as genuine interest in art and attempt to discuss it with me further. End of speech.
2383: 8.191503: A silver ring fish floated by them, undulating, and closing like an iris, instantly, around food particles, to assimilate them. Dad looked at it. His voice was deep and quiet. "Just like war. War swims along, sees food, contracts. A moment later - Earth is gone."
1310: 8.188991: Sure. You had that skinny guy expose Adrena Lynn so she'd freak out and set up this whole 'Save Brick' thing, just to prove you dug me! Kim, you're nice and all, but you try too hard. If you just asked me out, that's cool, but this is too much. I'm sorry, but it's over.
2212: 8.187288: Your body does not eliminate poisons by knowing their names. To try to control fear or depression or boredom by calling them names is to resort to superstition of trust in curses and invocations. It is so easy to see why this does not work. Obviously, we try to know, name, and define fear in order to make it "objective," that is, separate from "I."
1655: 8.187222: You're smart enough for me to trust. Go live your life now. Just keep these steps in your life and you'll know how. If you're not sure, ask yourself, "Have I done to them as I would have them do to me?" Look in the mirror, what's that you see? The shattered fortress. Fly now be free.
953: 8.183408: Some care is needed in using Descartes' argument. "I think, therefore I am" says rather more than is strictly certain. It might seem as though we are quite sure of being the same person to-day as we were yesterday, and this is no doubt true in some sense. But the real Self is as hard to arrive at as the real table, and does not seem to have that absolute, convincing certainty that belongs to particular experiences.
2085: 8.180734: But instead, our standard is this layout called "qwerty". You might guess, "oh, it's probably because layout designers found this layout was the fastest." It must take the most common letters and put them in the most easily accessible locations. That, is not true.
405: 8.179871: But now, for the first time, I see you are a man like me. I thought of your hand-grenades, of your bayonet, of your rifle; now I see your wife and your face and our fellowship. Forgive me, comrade. We always see it too late. Why do they never tell us that you are poor devils like us, that your mothers are just as anxious as ours, that we have the same fear of death, and the same dying and the same agony - Forgive me, comrade; how could you be my enemy?
1673: 8.173725: Proud enough for you to call me arrogant, greedy enough to be labeled a thief. Angry enough for me to go and hurt a man, cruel enough for me to feel no grief. Never could have just a part of it, I always need more to get by. Getting right down to the heart of it, the root of all evil has been running my whole life. Dirty enough for me to lust, leaving nothing left to trust, jealous enough to still feel envious. Lazy enough to sleep all day and let my life just waste away, selfish enough to make you wait for me.
1865: 8.170385: If you could save yourself, you'd save us all. Is that what you called me for, is that why you're knocking on my door? The time I've spent, working myself to death. Thought that's what you wanted. I thought you needed my help. To make it good again, to make us strong. To make you happy, to push you along. And gain some respect, to be thrown a crumb. I was on my knees, when you knocked me down!
2261: 8.165575: It happened during the procession at a parish church in Ontario, Canada. As the choir moved in perfect unison to the hymn, the last young lady slipped her stiletto heel into the grating over a hot air duct in the center of the aisle. The first man following her noticed the situation, and without skipping a beat, reached down and swooped up the shoe. The entire grating came with it. Startled, but still singing, the man marched on, carrying in his hand the shoe with the grating attached. There was never a break in the procession and right in time to the beat, the next man fell into the open duct.
1731: 8.163943: What if you knew this is not the way things are supposed to be? I'm not like that. I'm not into the whole "destiny, there's-only-one-right-way" thing. I'm not either, but what's worse? Thinking you're being paranoid or knowing you should be?
2273: 8.155153: For 80 years Arrakis belonged to House Harkonnen. Eighty years of owning the spice fields. Can you imagine the wealth? In your eyes, I need to see it in your eyes. You never met Harkonners before. I have. They are not human. They're brutal! You have to be ready.
398: 8.154912: There will be no foolish wand-waving or silly incantations in this class. As such, I don't expect many of you to appreciate the subtle science and exact art that is potion-making. However, for those select few who possess the predisposition, I can teach you how to bewitch the mind and ensnare the senses. I can tell you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even put a stopper in death. Then again, maybe some of you have come to Hogwarts in possession of abilities so formidable that you feel confident enough to not pay attention!
1389: 8.149589: I'm gonna make a change for once in my life. Gonna feel real good, gonna make a difference, gonna make it right. As I turn up the collar on my favorite winter coat, this wind is blowing my mind. I see the kids in the street, with not enough to eat. Who am I to be blind, pretending not to see their needs. A summer's disregard, a broken bottle top, and a one man's soul. They follow each other on the wind, ya know. 'Cause they got nowhere to go, that's why I want you to know.
2402: 8.141553: The shift in our relationship to the natural world is startling, even in settings that one would assume are devoted to nature. Not that long ago, summer camp was a place where you camped, hiked in the woods, learned about plants and animals, or told firelight stories about ghosts or mountain lions. As likely as not today, "summer camp" is a weight-loss camp, or a computer camp.
82: 8.1330385: On a clear day you can see for twenty-five miles in all directions because you are in the largest observation wheel ever built. You are sealed into one of the thirty-two capsules with the strangers who were next to you in the queue, and when they close the doors, the sound of the city is cut off. You begin to rise. The capsules are made of glass and steel and are hung from the rim of the wheel. As the wheel turns, the capsules use the force of gravity to stay upright. It takes thirty minutes to go a full circle.
1315: 8.119525: Ah, it went to voice mail! Um, hello, Shego, Dr. Drakken. I hope you're having a nice vacation. Uh, when you get the chance, could you get up here to the North Pole and save me?! Please! It's cold and windy and dark, and we've got nothing to...!
1624: 8.116856: Yeah, yeah. I'm fine, Buzz. Okay. Here's your list of things to do while I'm gone: batteries need to be changed. Toys at the bottom of the chest need to be rotated. Oh, and make sure everyone attends Mr Spell's seminar on what to do if you or part of you is swallowed. Okay? Okay. Good, okay.
2217: 8.113693: Listen to me, Woodrow. When a soldier goes into war he must go believing he is never coming back. This is why the Japanese are such courageous warriors. They are prepared to die. They expect nothing else. But to do that, you must believe in what you're fighting for. If you are not willing to die, you won't fight well. And if you don't fight well you will probably be killed stupidly, for the wrong reason, and unheroically.
1432: 8.113528: Oh! Agent P! It appears that Doofenshmirtz has made some rather unusual purchases: chicken wire, three metric tons of baking soda, and lederhosen. You know, those leather windpipe shorts that make you look like a walking cuckoo clock? Man, he is one sick puppy.
2092: 8.11241: There are two things that you have to achieve before you can start getting to respectable speeds. First, know the locations of the keys by memory. I'm talking about not looking at your keyboard or any other reference image while you're typing. You should be able to remember the general location of every key after a moment of thought. Second, know the locations of the keys without having to think about it. This means committing the locations of the keys to muscle memory. You shouldn't have to actively think about where any of the letters are - your fingers should know where to go automatically.
1105: 8.108305: One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin. He lay on his armour-like back, and if he lifted his head a little he could see his brown belly, slightly domed and divided by arches into stiff sections. The bedding was hardly able to cover it and seemed ready to slide off any moment. His many legs, pitifully thin compared with the size of the rest of him, waved about helplessly as he looked.
1871: 8.107304: 'For I am not going to tell you my name, not yet at any rate.' A queer half-knowing, half-humorous look came with a green flicker into his eyes. 'For one thing it would take a long while: my name is growing all the time, and I've lived a very long, long time; so my name is like a story. Real names tell you the story of the things they belong to in my language, in the Old Entish as you might say.'
1675: 8.096651: Why do I feel so numb, is it something to do with where I come from? Should this be fight or flight? I don't know why I'm constantly so uptight. Rapid heartbeat pounding through my chest, agitated body in distress. I feel like I'm in danger, daily life is strangled by my stress. A stifling surge shooting through all my veins, extreme apprehension, suddenly I'm insane. Lost all hope for redemption. A grave situation, desperate at best.
2034: 8.095089: Hey, you guys, look, I know I'm just the dude that carries the bags. But it seems to me we all play an important part in this group. I mean, we're just like a big, delicious banana split. Fred, you're the big banana. Daphne, you're the pastrami and bubble gum flavored ice cream, and Velma, you're the sweet and sour mustard sauce that goes on top.
2221: 8.088071: While recruiting for this unit and speeding up the relocation program, the government figured it could simultaneously weed out the "disloyal" and thus get a clearer idea of exactly how many agents and Japanese sympathizers it actually had to deal with. The part of it would have been comical if the results were not so grotesque. No self-respecting espionage agent would willingly admit he was disloyal.
911: 8.083986: He kept going, his eyes glued to Minho just a few steps ahead of him. He didn't feel anything for Jack. He didn't care if he was permanently deaf. He didn't care about the others anymore. The chaos around him seemed to siphon his humanity, turn him into an animal. All he wanted was to survive, make it to the building, get inside. Live. Gain another day.
2202: 8.079793: This is our gamble: minute by minute, city after city, from the tense beginning to the jubilant or scattered end of every protest, with every rhythmic word of every chant, at each blocked entrance, each barricade, with every defiant inch forward, every move toward freedom for our people, any time we raise a fist or a song to mean we're never going away, in every confrontation, up and down the length of the stand-off, each and every time, we are testing the humanity of people who wear a badge, carry a gun, and fear our incomprehensible strength.
49: 8.0792265: We have learned to fear our planet and fled to the stars in search of a new one. But the fascination for other worlds could not turn my eyes away from the beauty of our home. The waves are crashing on the shore... and the wind is blowing in my hair. Tell them it feels good. Tell them the dark clouds have given way to the ocean mist. Tell them a new world awaits us. Tell them we're waiting for you. Waiting for you to come back.
1542: 8.06989: Walking the streets with you and your worn-out jeans, I can't help thinking this is how it ought to be. Laughing on a park bench thinking to myself, hey, isn't this easy? And you've got a smile that could light up this whole town, I haven't seen it in a while since she brought you down. You say you're fine, I know you better than that. Hey, what'cha doing with a girl like that?
2129: 8.067383: Many animals, such as eagles, hawks, owls, foxes, bobcats, and coyotes, like to eat rabbits and hares. This means they must always be alert for danger. If they detect danger, one thing they can do is run away. And they can run fast! Some kinds of hares can run 35 mph or more.
1278: 8.066085: The freedom of a country can only be measured by its respect for the rights of its citizens, and it's my conviction that these rights are in fact limitations of state power that define exactly where and when a government may not infringe into that domain of personal or individual freedoms that during the American Revolution was called "liberty" and during the Internet Revolution is called "privacy".
261: 8.061654: The man that I named the Giver passed along to the boy knowledge, history, memories, color, pain, laughter, love, and truth. Every time you place a book in the hands of a child, you do the same thing. It is very risky. But each time a child opens a book, he pushes open the gate that separates him from Elsewhere. It gives him choices. It gives him freedom. Those are magnificent, wonderfully unsafe things.
1418: 8.060879: Oh, hey, Agent P. So, get this, I got this memo this morning on Doofenshmirtz, and someone abbreviated his name in it. Guess how they wrote it? Doof! The Doof! It's times like these when you really appreciate having a cool name like Monogram.
126: 8.053245: This neighborhood is a lifeboat in a storm we can't stop. Only so many people can be in our boat, no matter how many swimmers you see bobbing about in the ocean. If you try to pull in too many, you sink. You save nobody, including those who were in the boat. Our priority has to be those who are in the boat, because we can't save all of those who need to be in the boat. Our only exception has been when those on the outside can make our lifeboat stronger and more self-sustaining.
1609: 8.052929: I wasn't born a demigod. I had human parents. They... They took one look and decided they did not want me. They threw me into the sea, like I was nothing. Somehow I was found by the gods. They gave me the hook. They made me, Maui. And back to the humans I went. I gave them islands, fire, coconuts. Anything they could ever want.
2264: 8.049483: To this day, I cannot sing those old familiar hymns without bringing all my senses into play. Somewhere I hear the wheezing, gasping sounds of that decrepit organ. I conjure up the fragrance of Ponderosa pine. I feel the mountain wind stirring my hair. And in my mind's eye I see the faces of the friends of my youth. The memories from a mere 30 Sundays, spread over six summers out of a lifetime, reach across the years and are as vivid to me now as the last time I worshiped on that hill far away.
2355: 8.047492: She witnesses her empty palm. She glances at Charon, who, as ever, says nothing. ...But she sets her shoulders. ...She is the master, after all. She looks at her staring servant, and asks... "...Shall we go and see the end?"
2393: 8.045901: He said to his friend, "If the British march by land or sea from the town to-night, hang a lantern aloft in the belfry arch of the North Church tower as a signal light, - one, if by land, and two, if by sea; and I on the opposite shore will be, ready to ride and spread the alarm through every Middlesex village and farm, for the country folk to be up and to arm."
190: 8.041447: Is "defeat" proof that you are weak? Isn't "defeat" more like a trial to overcome? Of whether you can stand up and walk again after falling to your knees? If you remain on your knees like that, then it would be a sign of weakness.
1666: 8.038157: As sworn allies, we fight, never been apart. Winning is the only way for us to live. Those of who lost their lives live in our minds. Everything I have seen still not the past. Grieving rain of tears. Just falling on me. Piercing my heart; it flows to the sea. Grieving rain of blood. Just wearing for me. Dyeing my soul, and it flows to the sea.
2192: 8.03317: I'm guessin' that if we can make some wishes out of airplanes, then maybe, oh maybe, I'll go back to the days before the politics that we call the rap game, and back when ain't nobody listened to my mixtape. So can I get a wish to end the politics, and get back to the music that started this...? So here I stand, and then again I say - I'm hoping we can make some wishes out of airplanes.
1346: 8.032848: You're going in there because we need this. Our city is counting on you to collect those children's screams. Without scream, we have no power. Yes, it's dangerous work and that's why I need you to be at your best. I need scarers who are confident, tenacious, tough, intimidating. I need scarers like... like... James P. Sullivan.
1875: 8.02588: It won't be long now, love, like mist I slowly fill the room. I place a black candle on your chest, the path of night is manifest. I never wanted us to end up in this catatonic phase. It wasn't me who ran away, you made me stray. Open your blue eyes, tell me that you love me. Make me believe it, oh I know you lie. Broke the vow I thought you made, my angel, why. Settling the score, we pass the twilight.
1469: 8.025873: Back when the arcade first opened, Turbo Time was by far the most popular game, and Turbo, he loved the attention. So when Road Blasters got plugged in and stole Turbo's thunder, boy was he jealous. So jealous, that he abandoned his game and tried to take over the new one. Turbo ended up putting both games and himself out of order, for good.
2121: 8.022897: When the violins drew out the first strain of the Pilgrim's chorus, my Aunt Georgiana clutched my coat-sleeve. Then it was that I first realized that for her this singing of basses and stinging frenzy of lighter strings broke a silence of thirty years, the inconceivable silence of the plains. With the battle between the two motifs, with the bitter frenzy of the Venusberg theme and its ripping of strings, came to me an overwhelming sense of the waste and wear we are so powerless to combat.
2359: 8.021756: Abuela. I can finally see. You lost your home. Lost everything. You suffered so much, all alone, so it would never happen again. We were saved because of you. We were given a miracle, because of you. We are a family because of you. And nothing could ever be broken that we can't fix... together. I asked my Pedro for help. Mirabel. He sent me you.
1295: 8.021097: Water. Earth. Fire. Air. My grandmother used to tell me stories about the old days, a time of peace when the Avatar kept balance between the Water Tribes, Earth Kingdom, Fire Nation, and Air Nomads. But it all changed when the Fire Nation attacked.
1107: 8.015958: A long, long time ago, I can still remember how that music used to make me smile. And I knew if I had my chance that I could make those people dance, and maybe they'd be happy for a while. But February made me shiver, with every paper I'd deliver. Bad news on the doorstep, I couldn't take one more step. I can't remember if I cried when I read about his widowed bride, something touched me deep inside, the day the music died.
897: 8.002322: Gary can't you see I was blind? I'll do anything to change your mind. More than a pet you're my best friend. Too cool to forget come back 'cause we are family and forgive me for making you wanna roam. And now my heart is beating like the saddest metronome. Somewhere I hope you're reading my latest three word poem: Gary come home.
77: 7.9980397: These are cookies. This is not breakfast. You are eating cookies. Stop it! Stop eating cookies and go make yourself breakfast! Stop it! Don't eat one more cookie! Put that cookie down! Do not eat that cookie! I can't believe you ate that cookie!
944: 7.9846144: If men learn this, it will implant forgetfulness in their souls; they will cease to exercise memory because they rely on that which is written, calling things to remembrance no longer from within themselves, but by means of external marks. What you have discovered is a recipe not for memory, but for reminder. And it is no true wisdom that you offer your disciples, but only its semblance, for by telling them of many things without teaching them you will make them seem to know much, while for the most part they know nothing, and as men filled, not with wisdom, but with the conceit of wisdom, they will be a burden to their fellows.
1312: 7.9844613: "Ace reporter Ron Stoppable, heralded for breaking the story of TV fake. Adrena Lynn's ratings plummet faster than her fake fall." Can this get any more annoying?
1149: 7.9844217: I walked over to the hill where we used to go and sled. There were a lot of little kids there. I watched them flying. Doing jumps and having races. And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
1790: 7.9813714: Just a heads up: we're gonna have a superconductor turned up full blast and pointed at you for the duration of this next test. I'll be honest, we're throwing science at the wall here to see what sticks. No idea what it'll do. Probably nothing. Best-case scenario, you might get some superpowers. Worst case, some tumors, which we'll cut out.
1444: 7.980091: Oh, when you walk by every night, talking sweet and looking fine, I get kind of hectic inside. Baby, I'm so into you. Darling, if you only knew, all the things that float through my mind. But, it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby. When I close my eyes, you come and take me on, and on, and on. It's so deep in my daydreams, but it's just a sweet, sweet fantasy, baby.
19: 7.979188: In 2291, in an attempt to control violence among deep space miners, the New Earth Government legalized no-holds-barred fighting. The Liandri Mining Corporation established a series of leagues and bloody public exhibitions. Soon, Liandri discovered that the public matches were their most profitable enterprise.
2082: 7.9765806: They're all absurd! But the first is a statement of special relativity, and the other two are consequences of quantum mechanics (vacuum fluctuations and barrier tunneling, they're called). Like it or not, that's the way the world is. If you insist it's ridiculous, you'll be forever closed to some of the major findings on the rules that govern the Universe.
1530: 7.972525: In my first go at life, I was a healer... Exactly as the name implies, I revive and heal the injured. However, there was a fatal drawback to healing. I see all the experiences of the people I heal stream in front of me in an instant. There was unimaginable fear and suffering, things that couldn't be endured with a sane mind. Truthfully, I ran away countless times because I didn't want to use my healing powers. But no matter how many times I escaped, I always ended up getting caught again.
1800: 7.969591: Just a heads-up: that coffee we gave you earlier had fluorescent calcium in it so we can track the neuronal activity in your brain. There's a slight chance the calcium could harden and vitrify your frontal lobe. Anyway, don't stress yourself thinking about it. I'm serious. Visualizing the scenario while under stress actually triggers the reaction.
1725: 7.96932: There was value in the thing. Clearly. Of that they were certain of. But what is the application? In a matter of hours they had pinned it to everything from mass transit to satellite launching. Imagining devices the size of jumbo jets. Everything would be cheaper, it was practical, and they knew it. But above all that, beyond the positives... they knew that the easiest way to be exploited is to sell something they did not yet understand. So they kept quiet.
2050: 7.963894: Maybe we all have in us a secret pond where evil and ugly things germinate and grow strong. But this culture is fenced, and the swimming brood climbs up only to fall back. Might it not be that in the dark pools of some men the evil grows strong enough to wriggle over the fence and swim free? Would not such a man be our monster, and are we not related to him in our hidden water? It would be absurd if we did not understand both angels and devils, since we invented them.
416: 7.960889: You can go the distance, you can run the mile. You can walk straight through hell with a smile. You can be a hero, you can get the gold. Breakin' all the records they thought never could be broke. Do it for your people, do it for your pride. How you ever gonna know if you never even try? Do it for your country, do it for your name, 'cause there's gon' be a day when you're standing in the Hall of Fame.
1387: 7.960857: Last night I, I saw you standing and I started, started pretending that I knew you, and you knew me too. And just like a Roni, you were too shy. But you weren't the only 'cause so was I. And I dreamed of you ever since. Now I built up my confidence. Girl, next, next time you come my way, I'll know just what to say. Can we talk for a minute? Girl, I want to know your name.
1769: 7.9567337: The Haskell standard library is split into modules - each of them contains functions and types that are somehow related and serve some common purpose. There's a module for manipulating lists, a module for concurrent programming, a module for dealing with complex numbers, etc. All the functions, types and typeclasses that we've dealt with so far were part of the Prelude module, which is imported by default.
1518: 7.9564066: Look at this! That Gabriella girl just dumped her lunch on me, on purpose! It's all part of their plan to ruin our musical. And Troy and his basketball robots are obviously behind it. Why do you think he auditioned? After all the hard work you've put into the show, it just doesn't seem right!
1505: 7.954777: Cause she walk like a boss, talk like a boss, manicured nails to set the pedicure off. She's fly effortlessly. And she move like a boss, do what a boss do. She got me thinking about getting involved. That's the kinda girl I need. She got her own thing, that's why I love her. Miss Independent, won't you come and spend a little time?
53: 7.939444: Two lovers, forbidden from one another, the war divides their people and the mountain divides them apart! Built a path to be together! Yeah, I forget the next couple of lines, but then it goes... Secret tunnel! Secret tunnel! Through the mountains, secret, secret, secret, secret tunnel! Yeah!
1822: 7.934321: Just thinking back to the old days when we were friends. Good old friends. Not enemies. And I'd say something like "come back", and you'd be like "no problem!" And you'd come back. What happened to those days?
1742: 7.9328375: The naming conventions of Python's library are a bit of a mess, so we'll never get this completely consistent - nevertheless, here are the currently recommended naming standards. New modules and packages (including third party frameworks) should be written to these standards, but where an existing library has a different style, internal consistency is preferred.
1869: 7.9325414: There was a swirling mass of water that lived in a quiet pond. It asked permission from its master, to visit the lands beyond. And its master allowed it to fly. So the wind swept the whirlpool across the sky. The whirlpool's mother wore a jacket she'd sewn out of dental floss. It was stolen by a monkey, that sold it to an albatross. And it had the idea to fly. So the wind swept the whirlpool across the sky.
244: 7.932127: Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life. Because almost everything - all external expectations, all pride, all fear of embarrassment or failure - these things just fall away in the face of death, leaving only what is truly important. Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose. You are already naked. There is no reason not to follow your heart.
1113: 7.929327: Listen to the people who love you. Believe that they are worth living for even when you don't believe it. Seek out the memories depression takes away and project them into the future. Be brave; be strong; take your pills. Exercise because it's good for you even if every step weighs a thousand pounds. Eat when food itself disgusts you. Reason with yourself when you have lost your reason.
1991: 7.9285283: What matter? We will build another windmill. We will build six windmills if we feel like it. You do not appreciate, comrade, the mighty thing that we have done. The enemy was in occupation of this very ground that we stand upon. And now - thanks to the leadership of Comrade Napoleon - we have won every inch of it back again!
1867: 7.9270406: They were crying when their sons left, all young men must go. He's come so far to find the truth, he's never going home. Young men standing on the top of their own graves; wondering when Jesus comes, are they gonna be saved? Cruelty to the winner, bishop tells the king his lies. Maybe you're a mourner, maybe you deserve to die.
1578: 7.922489: Let's get something straight, Carlton. I've been out here for two months. I'm getting yelled at home, shouted at school, grounded, and threatened with expulsion on an almost daily basis. And now, when I finally find something I'm down with it, you can't take it. Well, I'm not about to sell myself short just so you can look good. So just grow up.
1263: 7.9210997: Well... no, actually I'm stationed up in the Gamma Quadrant of Sector 4. As a member of the elite Universe Protection Unit of the Space Ranger Corps, I protect the galaxy from the threat of invasion from the Evil Emperor Zurg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance.
124: 7.9206653: It'd be like looking for a needle in a burning haystack. Oh, I've done that, Mark said airily. It's a game we used to play, after we got rid of all our livestock and didn't need our hay no more. You throw a match into the haystack, give the fire a three-second head start, and begin looking. You can find the needle every time if you work quick.
2009: 7.9174294: After much choking, during which his various chins turned purple, he managed to get out: 'If you have your lower animals to contend with,' he said, 'we have our lower classes!' This bon mot set the table in a roar; and Mr Pilkington once again congratulated the pigs on the low rations, the long working-hours and the general absence of pampering which he had observed on Animal Farm.
2109: 7.916055: I'd wave at them and when they returned my salute, I would say something like this: "Howdy-do-well-I-thank-you-where-you-goin?"
28: 7.915097: The Terminator's an infiltration unit. Part man, part machine. Underneath, it's a hyperalloy combat chassis, microprocessor-controlled, fully armored. Very tough but outside, it's living human tissue. Flesh, skin, hair, blood. Grown for the cyborgs.
2043: 7.9126244: It's all right. You won't be alone. You have Bolt. I've altered him. (Bolt is being experimented on to make him stronger, faster, and more powerful, unlike any other dog. A lightning bolt appears on his flank.) He can protect you now.
1567: 7.907533: For as long as I could remember, I've done everything in my power to live a productive life that allows me to pursue a lasting inner peace. This may be a foreign concept, but I choose not to concern myself with winning or losing, life's troubles, or enemies who bring sleepless nights. That is how I cope with this backwards life we find ourselves living. It's what brings me happiness in a world fraught with hardship and misery. Of course, if I were ever to engage in combat, I would win the battle without question.
1334: 7.905571: Can't you see? It's not about snow boots, it's not about flashy, expensive presents or getting yours before the other guy gets his! It's about showing people you really care about them! And most of all, it's about a funny football-headed kid with a good heart but no sense of reality whose entire world view is at stake!
1331: 7.904012: It's 7:00 on KILL. This one goes out to Arnold, who's going to die in 2 hours, 6 minutes, and 47 seconds, from Helga who hates you.
1604: 7.903912: Maui. When he stole from the Mother Island, darkness fell. Te Ka awoke. Monsters lurked and boats stopped coming back. To protect our people, the ancient chiefs forbid voyaging. And now we have forgotten who we are. And the darkness has continued to spread, chasing away our fish, draining the life from island after island.
1753: 7.900239: Ranges are a way of making lists that are arithmetic sequences of elements that can be enumerated. Numbers can be enumerated. One, two, three, four, etc. Characters can also be enumerated. The alphabet is an enumeration of characters from A to Z. Names can't be enumerated. What comes after "John"? I don't know.
2239: 7.894407: After showing us the first three ballet positions she sat down to rest. She took her shoes off. Her toes were showing blood. I noticed then the lines in her face, the traces of gray in her black hair. I felt so sorry for her I decided to go ahead and sign up for her course. But once I left that room, back out into the dust, wind-flurried afternoon, I never did return. Ballet seemed then some terrible misuse of the body.
1490: 7.8930063: Look at me, I will never pass for a perfect bride or a perfect daughter. Can it be, I'm not meant to play this part? Now I see that if I were truly to be myself, I would break my family's heart. Who is that girl I see staring straight back at me? Why is my reflection someone I don't know? Somehow I cannot hide who I am, though I've tried. When will my reflection show who I am inside?
1376: 7.891233: Shh. It isn't your fault. It wasn't fair for me to suddenly ask so much of you. But things are different now. And doubt is a luxury we can't afford anymore, sweetie. You have more power than you realize. Don't think. And don't worry. If the time comes, you'll know what to do. It's in your blood.
1858: 7.8897696: "But," says Man, "the Babel fish is a dead giveaway isn't it? It could not have evolved by chance. It proves you exist, and therefore, by your own arguments, you don't. QED."
1422: 7.889115: Remind me, why did we put spikes on Buford's chariot again? And a bowling ball catapult? I mean, what were we thinking? Why'd we give them all the cool stuff? What do we have? Cup holders?! Sweet! Now we're cooking.
1892: 7.879955: After the nightmares, weak is our mind. It could be the devil hiding inside everyone. Throughout these visions, it's reality, but now it makes me wonder should I carry on my way. So close to the edge, black is the night. From here to madness there's only a short step to die. Lost in the trouble, eternally I am crawling in the fire and reaching eternity. Far away beyond the sky. I come alive again screaming in the wild, resound everywhere.
251: 7.879179: You shout it out, but I can't hear a word you say. I'm talking loud, not saying much. I'm criticized, but all your bullets ricochet. Shoot me down, but I get up. I'm bulletproof, nothing to lose. Fire away, fire away. Ricochet, you take your aim. Fire away, fire away.
2184: 7.8771687: With that, Luma, trailing bands of white, soared high into the sky and just as quickly started to plummet back down. KABOOM! KABLAM! The ground shook, and a bright light poured out of the crater that the Luma had created.
1729: 7.8765087: I know we've seen a lot of crazy things lately, okay? I know you're still trying to put it all together in a way that makes sense. I just want you to understand that what's next is not a prank, okay? I wouldn't do that to you and I'm not doing that to you. So when you see this, you can't yell or make any noise or run anywhere. I know you probably feel like you're being tricked or made fun of. But you're not. I promise you, you're not.
1369: 7.866766: Hello, Mr. Incredible. Yes, we know who you are. Rest assured, your secret is safe with us. My name is Mirage. We have something in common. According to the government, neither of us exist. Please pay attention, as this message is classified and will not be repeated. I represent a top secret division of the government, designing and testing experimental technology, and we have need of your unique abilities. Something has happened at our testing facility.
2319: 7.865173: Our agile brain processes many things simultaneously by means of parallel processing. To focus on this multitrack processing, one information-processing model, connectionism, views memories as products of interconnected neural networks. Specific memories arise from particular activation patterns within these networks. Every time you learn something new, your brain's neural connections change, forming and strengthening pathways that allow you to interact with and learn from your constantly changing environment.
1319: 7.8642383: Dating could be good, ya know, the date thing... But what if it tanks? It could totally wreck our friendship! No. No! I can't let that happen! Only one thing to do: break up with Kim! Thanks, man. You've been a big help.
1296: 7.8618207: Mike, I don't know a single scarer who can do what you do. I know everyone sees us together, they think I'm the one running the show, but the truth is... I've been riding your coattails since day one! You made the deal with Hardscrabble. You took a hopeless team, and made them champions. All I did was catch a pig!
1516: 7.8609195: West High Knights have knocked us out of the playoffs three years running, and now we are one game away from taking that championship right back from 'em! It's time to make our stand. The team is you. You are the team. And this team does not exist unless each and every one of you is fully focused on our goal. Am I clear?
1890: 7.8565583: They bring me down, all the world is stereotypical, playing out rules, but act out another. Look now, you thought you had me by the upper-hand, but I see through the face you've covered cynical. Four, unleash the beast that lies inside of you. Three, take on the fire that burns in front of you. Two, let out the fear you feel surrounding you. One, become the soul that you were born to be.
1219: 7.856538: I'm waking up, breathing in clean air, what a day, yeah. What a sunny, funny day. I feel so high, I can't deny, a little better than okay. Nowhere to go, I shoot for stars, I'm Galileo. Pack your bags and don't be late. The scenery flies before my eyes, don't you dream of home, 'cause it'll have to wait.
1384: 7.8522983: Listen, Morty, I hate to break it to you, but what people call love is just a chemical reaction that compels animals to breed. It hits hard, Morty, then it slowly fades, leaving you stranded in a failing marriage. I did it. Your parents are gonna do it. Break the cycle, Morty. Rise above. Focus on science.
1636: 7.8517575: Well, thank you, Big Baby. Why don't you come meet our new friends? Poor baby. We were thrown out together, me and him. Abandoned by the same owner. But we don't need owners at Sunnyside. We own ourselves. We're masters of our own fate. We control our own destiny.
1092: 7.8489165: Rather than offer you the illusion of free choice, I will take the liberty of choosing for you... if and when your time comes round again. I do apologize for what must seem to you an arbitrary imposition, Dr. Freeman. I trust it will all make sense to you in the course of... well... I'm really not at liberty to say. In the meantime... this is where I get off.
91: 7.848808: What is a country? A country is a piece of land surrounded on all sides by boundaries, usually unnatural. Englishmen are dying for England, Americans are dying for America, Germans are dying for Germany, Russians are dying for Russia. There are now fifty or sixty countries fighting in this war. Surely so many countries can't all be worth dying for.
175: 7.8479176: Are you even listening? Look at me! These kids believe in you, but this isn't about you helping them anymore. This is about you loving all of the attention, and the hero worship. If you care about these kids, I mean truly care about them, you'll turn yourself in before anyone gets hurt. That's what a real leader would have the courage to do.
902: 7.847892: If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. If sovereign and subject are in accord, put division between them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected.
41: 7.842831: People are going to tell you who you are your whole life. You just got to punch back and say, "No, this is who I am." You want people to look at you differently? Make them. You want to change this? You're going to have to go out there and change them yourself, because there are no fairy godmothers in this world.
1603: 7.828658: Because he was you. Drawn to the ocean. Down by the shore. He took a canoe, Moana. He crossed the reef and found an unforgiving sea. Waves like mountains. His best friend begged to be on that boat. He couldn't save him. He's hoping he can save you. Sometimes, who we wish we were, what we wish we can do is just not meant to be.
108: 7.8247623: For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much - the wheel, New York, wars and so on - whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man - for precisely the same reasons.
1803: 7.8243527: Remember before when I was talking about smelly garbage standing around being useless? That was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you. And I'm sorry. You didn't react at the time, so I was worried it sailed right over your head. Which would have made this apology seem insane. That's why I had to call you garbage a second time just now.
2198: 7.8203993: I hustle upstream. I grasp. I grind. I control and panic. Poke balloons in my chest, always popping there, always my thoughts thump, thump. I snooze - wake and go boom. All day, like this I short my breath. I scroll and scroll. I see what you wrote - I like. I heart. My thumb, so...
1413: 7.8176513: Beloved Bettys, your band is the biggest, baddest most bangin' buncha babes from Boston to Burbank. I've barely bathed since I began blogging about your bangin' beats. Your biggest Betty band fan, Candace.
1470: 7.815925: Wrong! Viruses do not stop! Once those Cy-Bugs finish off Sugar Rush, they'll invade every other game until this arcade is nothing but a smoking husk of forgotten dreams. Kohut, my cruiser!
2141: 7.815541: As psychologists developed and refined IQ testing, classification systems were established, and any child with an IQ of above 70 was considered "normal", while those with scores above 130 were considered "gifted".
141: 7.8137174: A week ago you said to me, "Do you believe I'll never be too far." If you're lost, just look for me, you'll find me in the region of the summer stars. The fact that we can sit right here and say goodbye means we've already won. A necessity for apologies between you and me, baby, there is none.
1860: 7.803997: But look, you found the notice, didn't you? "Yes," said Arthur, "yes I did. It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying 'Beware of the Leopard.'"
1590: 7.8004894: For the audition, you will sing 16 bars of Kelly Clarkson's 'Since You've Been Gone'. If a group likes you, they will contact you directly. My tone-deaf sidekick, Justin here, will be collecting your information.
1240: 7.7972803: Man is a strange creature. All his actions are motivated by desire, his character forged by pain. As much as he may try to suppress that pain, to repress the desire, he cannot free himself from the eternal servitude to his feelings. For as long as the storm rages within him, he cannot find peace. Not in life, not in death. And so he will do what he must, day in, day out. The pain is his vessel, desire his compass. It is all that man is capable of.
1246: 7.7962675: How do I say goodbye to what we had? The good times that made us laugh outweigh the bad. I thought we'd get to see forever, but forever's gone away. It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday. I don't know where this road is going to lead. All I know is where we've been and what we've been through. If we get to see tomorrow I hope it's worth all the wait. It's so hard to say goodbye to yesterday.
116: 7.790454: For several days ensuing, her name was unmentioned by either Usher or myself: and during this period I was busied in earnest endeavours to alleviate the melancholy of my friend. We painted and read together; or I listened, as if in a dream, to the wild improvisations of his speaking guitar. And thus, as a closer and still intimacy admitted me more unreservedly into the recesses of his spirit, the more bitterly did I perceive the futility of all attempt at cheering a mind from which darkness, as if an inherent positive quality, poured forth upon all objects of the moral and physical universe, in one unceasing radiation of gloom.
1491: 7.7855473: Citizens! I bring a proclamation from the Imperial City! The Huns have invaded China! By order of the Emperor, one man from every family must serve in the Imperial Army. The Hsiao Family! The Yi Family!
1658: 7.78046: Remember days of yesterday, how it flew so fast. The two score and a year we had, I thought it would always last. Those summer days and west coast dreams, I wished would never end. A young boy and his father, idol, and best friend. I'll always remember - those were the best of times. A lifetime together, I'll never forget. The morning shows on the radio, the case of the missing dog.
1783: 7.77061: Good news is, the lab boys say the symptoms of asbestos poisoning show a median latency of forty-four point six years. So if you're thirty or older, you're laughing. Worst case scenario you miss out on a few rounds of canasta. Plus you forwarded the cause of science by three centuries. I punch those numbers into my calculator, it makes a happy face.
1367: 7.7630887: Complaints? I can handle. What I can't handle is your customers' inexplicable knowledge of Insuricare's inner workings! They're experts! Experts, Bob! Exploiting every loophole, dodging every obstacle! They're penetrating the bureaucracy!
1626: 7.762178: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll be right there. And we're gonna do this commercial in one take. Do you hear me? Because I am in the middle of something really important. Oh... You, my little cowboy friend, are gonna make me big buck-buck-bucks!
1565: 7.7593946: Thank you, Walt. If anyone ever got hold of anchovy DNA, they could chop out the oil-making gene, stick it in a bunch of 3rd world kids, and bam! Cheap effective robot oil. Enough to put dear old mom out of business.
1289: 7.7567344: Hydrogen is the chemical element with the symbol H and atomic number 1. With a standard atomic weight of 1.008, hydrogen is the lightest element in the periodic table. Hydrogen is the most abundant chemical substance in the universe, constituting roughly 75% of all baryonic mass.
1644: 7.751934: Now, Woody, he's been my pal for as long as I can remember. He's brave, like a cowboy should be. And kind. And smart. But the thing that makes Woody special is he'll never give up on you. Ever. He'll be there for you, no matter what. You think you can take care of him for me?
1734: 7.750758: Now I have repaid any debt I may have owed you. You know all that I know. My voice is the only proof that you will have of the truth of any of this. I might have written a letter with my signature, but my handwriting isn't what it used to be. Maybe you've had the presence of mind to record this. That's your prerogative. You will not be contacted by me again. And if you look... you will not find me.
1543: 7.7506733: Pretty brown eyes, you know I see you, girl. It's a disguise the way you treat me. You keep holding on to your thoughts of rejection. If you're with me, you're secured. You keep telling me that your time is always taken. But I keep seeing you out alone. Listen to love, your heart is pounding with desire, waiting to be unleashed. Quit breakin' my heart.
2390: 7.74325: The best way to measure how much you've grown isn't by inches or the number of laps you can now run around the track, or even your grade point average-- though those things are important, to be sure. It's what you've done with your time, how you've chosen to spend your days, and whom you've touched this year. That, to me, is the greatest measure of success.
1405: 7.731664: Hi, I'm Candace. I'm sure you recognize me from my countless magazine covers. You know, being a supermodel is hard work: the bright lights, the deafening applause, and all those paper cuts from counting my huge stacks of money. That's why I start every morning with Candace-O's.
107: 7.7306976: It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents - except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets (for it is in London that our scene lies), rattling along the housetops, and fiercely agitating the scanty flame of the lamps that struggled against the darkness.
162: 7.7305684: If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, or walk with kings - nor lose the common touch, if neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you, if all men count with you, but none too much; if you can fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds' worth of distance run, yours is the earth and everything that's in it, and - which is more - you'll be a man, my son!
2277: 7.729982: Time is probably no more unkind to sporting characters than it is to other people, but physical decay unsustained by respectability is somehow more noticeable. Mr. Peters' hair was turning gray and his scalp showed through on top. He had lost weight also; he no longer filled out his clothes the way he used to. His color was poor, and the flower had disappeared from his buttonhole. In its place was an American Legion button.
186: 7.7189484: Before my eyes, it blocks my path. A high, high wall. What sort of scene is on the other side? What will I be able to see there? "The view from the top." A scenery I will never be able to see on my own. But if I'm not alone, then... I might be able to see it.
1647: 7.7154346: In March 1989, one of Ghidi's uncles paid the equivalent of 50,000 Swedish kronor to the local leader of the Ba'ath Party, as compensation for the injury Ghidi had caused the Iraqi state.
2223: 7.7091594: He wasn't even a very successful man. He was a poser, a braggart, and a tyrant. But he had held onto his self-respect, he dreamed grand dreams, and he could work well at any task he turned his hand to: he could raise vegetables, sail a boat, plead a case in small claims court, sing Japanese poems, make false teeth, and carve a pig.
389: 7.707982: A story is like a giant jigsaw puzzle, a jigsaw puzzle that would cover the whole floor of a room with its tiny pieces. But it's not the sort of puzzle that comes with a box. There is no lid with a picture on it so that you can see what the puzzle will look like when it's finished. And you have only some of the pieces. All you can do is keep looking and listening, sniffing about in all sorts of places, until you find the next piece.
2219: 7.701632: The door of the mess hall flew open and a short, beefy man came tearing out. He jumped off the porch, running as his feet hit the ground. He didn't get far. Papa came through the doorway right behind him, in a flying leap, bellowing like a warrior, "Yaaaaaah!"
1398: 7.6980615: Hey Ferb, do you think we can get any more power? I mean, I know it's just a battery, but I was thinking... let's open it up and see what this puppy can... Uh, Ferb, we're actually slowing down now. Ferb...? Hello?
1304: 7.6915374: That stuff would've informed you that this particular child is afraid of snakes, so a roar wouldn't make him scream, it would make him cry. Alerting his parents... exposing the monster world, destroying life as we know it, and of course, we can't have that. So, I'm afraid I cannot recommend that you continue in the Scaring Program. Good day.
237: 7.685752: The universe has a beginning, but no end - Infinity. Stars, too, have their own beginnings, but their own power results in their destruction - Finite. It is those who possess wisdom who are the greatest fools. History has shown us this. You could say that this is the final warning from God to those who resist.
233: 7.6835194: What's it going to be then, eh? There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, Dim being really dim, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar making up our rassoodocks what to do with the evening, a flip chill winter bastard though dry.
1887: 7.6796713: Born from the light, journey into the moment delivered from thought and sky. He will be one, one with the land. Lord of wind and the sea and the sands. The one, the bringer of life. All will bear a part of me - let this hollow shell set your free to live as one. Here we are, children of sun and stars. The first to know and to understand. Living by the law of the ages, prophets and sages, forging utopia.
2336: 7.6789737: You think, "I've been running every day for a month, so why can't I see any change in my body?" Once this kind of thinking takes over, it's easy to let good habits fall by the wayside. But in order to make a meaningful difference, habits need to persist long enough to break through this plateau.
1356: 7.677003: No matter how many times you save the world, it always manages to get back in jeopardy again. Sometimes I just want it to STAY SAVED, you know? For a little bit. I feel like the maid. I just cleaned up this mess. Can we keep it clean for ten minutes?!
1778: 7.675961: Science isn't about WHY. It's about WHY NOT. Why is so much of our science dangerous? Why not marry safe science if you love it so much. In fact, why not invent a special safety door that won't hit you on the butt on the way out, because you are fired.
1414: 7.6677446: Then I can go on to eliminate all the other annoyances that make my skin crawl. Like, uh... Nature! Beauty! Morning talk show hosts! Soon, there will be nothing that can withstand the wrath of Dr. Heinz Doofenshmirtz!
1732: 7.6600504: God, everything is so different in there. You can feel how cut off you are. It's this entirely separate world and you encompass most of it. And the sound. Isn't the sound different on the inside? It's like it's singing. I had this dream in there - I was on or near the ocean, and I just kept hearing the surf. It was so uneventful. At night. And the tide kept coming in and out.
1882: 7.652218: Such a pathetic display of valor! You are naught but insignificant worms before the infinite power of Zargothrax! Now, the solar conjunction is at hand, my ascension to godhood is inevitable! And there is NOTHING you can do to stop me. Worship my omnipotence!
2283: 7.646905: Some of the largest ocean waves in the world are nearly impossible to see. Unlike other large waves, these rollers, called internal waves, do not ride the ocean surface. Instead, they move underwater, undetectable without the use of satellite imagery or sophisticated monitoring equipment... and they can reach staggering heights - some as tall as skyscrapers.
1696: 7.6447754: Oh, I just love walking in the rain. There are two types that like this sort of thing. There is the sensitive creative sort who loves the feel of the rain on the face, like it was a washing away of all negative thoughts. Splashing through the puddles gives one a feeling that they are a giant crossing mighty oceans in one step. And of course, there's the other type who's just too dumb to come in out of the rain. Which one are you?
1391: 7.6436825: I've been watching you for so very long. Trying to get my nerve built up to be so strong. I really want to meet you, but I'm kind of scared. 'Cause you're the kind of lady with so much class. I get my thoughts together for the very next day. But, when I see you lady, I forget what to say. Your eyes and hair, such a beautiful tone. The way you dress and walk, it really turns me on.
1913: 7.6426296: In Sugarcandy Mountain it was Sunday seven days a week, clover was in season all the year round, and lump sugar and linseed cake grew on the hedges. The animals hated Moses because he told tales and did no work, but some of them believed in Sugarcandy Mountain, and the pigs had to argue very hard to persuade them that there was no such place.
941: 7.639457: I want to learn more and more to see as beautiful what is necessary in things; then I shall be one of those who make things beautiful. Amor fati: let that be my love henceforth! I do not want to wage war against what is ugly. I do not want to accuse; I do not even want to accuse those who accuse. Looking away shall be my only negation. And all in all and on the whole: some day I wish to be only a Yes-sayer.
256: 7.6385636: The world was a terrible place, cruel, pitiless, dark as a bad dream. Not a good place to live. Only in books could you find pity, comfort, happiness - and love. Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you security and friendship and didn't ask anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly.
169: 7.6359873: Well, then, here we are. A little challenge for you all as you embark on your separate doctoral journeys, whatever they may be, Mr. Hawking. Something to separate the men from the boys, the wheat from the chaff, the mesons from the pi mesons, the quarks from the quacks. Ten questions, each more impregnable than the last. Good luck. You'll need it.
2282: 7.634508: According to one theory, the wisdom of the crowd still holds - measuring the aggregate of people's opinions produces a stable, reliable value. Skeptics, however, argue that people's opinions are easily swayed by those of others. So nudging a crowd early on by presenting contrary opinions - for example, exposing them to some very good or very bad attitudes - will steer the crowd in a different direction.
1842: 7.632524: Yes! It is I who is onto you, Old Carl. No one is smarter than the Computer Master! I'm always watching, and I'm always thinking. My brain is much larger than Cheryl's brain. She was a fool for letting me go. But now, I will have my ultimate revenge!
16: 7.6267886: This next test may involve trace amounts of time travel. So, word of advice: If you meet yourself on the testing track, don't make eye contact. Lab boys tell me that'll wipe out time. Entirely. Forward and backward! So do both of yourselves a favor and just let that handsome devil go about his business.
1815: 7.626096: This next test involves the Aperture Science Aerial Faith Plate. It was part of an initiative to investigate how well test subjects could solve problems when they were catapulted into space. Results were highly informative: they could not. Good luck!
1382: 7.6236496: Shhhhh... The baby is sleeping. You took away my future. I'm simply returning the favor. Oh, don't worry, I'll be a good mentor. Supportive, encouraging. Everything that you weren't. And in time, who knows, he might make a good sidekick. Ha ha!
2175: 7.612539: Somehow everything was different, like a new person had emerged from me; I could see myself in a perspective that I've never seen before: no ambitions, no worries. For the first time I felt like I knew where I belonged and nothing could stop me from being there. Nothing and yet everything felt real. The world was underneath me, around me, above me; I could see everything and everything could see me. I found... Peace.
1962: 7.611395: Napoleon ordered the almost empty bins in the store-shed to be filled nearly to the brim with sand, which was then covered up with what remained of the grain and meal. On some suitable pretext Whymper was led through the store-shed and allowed to catch a glimpse of the bins. He was deceived, and continued to report to the outside world that there was no food shortage on Animal Farm.
2215: 7.607064: It told her, "don't you worry, just follow everywhere I go: top of all the mountains or valley low. I'll give you everything you've been dreaming of, just let me in. Everything you want in gold, I'll be the magic story you've been told, and you'll be safe under my control; just let me in."
121: 7.606331: Even in the darkest and most cruel person, there is still a kernel of good. And within the most perfect champion, there is darkness. The question is, will one give in to the dark or the light? It's something we decide with every choice we make, every day that we exist. What might not be evil to you could be evil to someone else. Knowing this makes us powerful even without magic.
1680: 7.599253: Stardust is falling down to the ground. We found small light in the wind. We raise our hands for the starlight. We pray with reverence. Stardust is falling down to the ground. We found small light in the wind. We raise our hands for the starlight. We found small light in the wind. We raise our hands for the starlight.
2090: 7.591996: It's been a while since I tried to learn Colemak. I underestimated how difficult it actually is to unlearn your muscle memory. When you are quick with typing, you don't think about what your fingers are doing, or where any of the letters are - it's all done by feel. I can type with my eyes closed because I've practiced enough to not need any visual reference while typing.
2168: 7.5898695: Little Chuck grinned broadly. "There ain't no need to fear a cootie, ma'am. Ain't you ever seen one? Now don't you be afraid, you just go back to your desk and teach us some more."
1562: 7.587208: You mean we'll all get to live our lives again? Oh, my, yes. Even that nasty robot, what's-his-name. Of course, we won't remember anything that's happened. What do you say? Want to go around again? I do.
1616: 7.578066: It's hard to believe that I couldn't see, you were always there beside me. Thought I was alone, with no one to hold, but you were always right beside me. This feeling's like no other. I want you to know, I never had someone, that knows me like you do, the way you do. I've never had someone, as good for me as you, no one like you. So lonely before, I finally found, what I've been looking for.
1097: 7.5763865: Trying to get data out of a PSD file is like trying to find something in the attic of your eccentric old uncle who died in a freak freshwater shark attack on his 58th birthday. That last detail may not be important for the purposes of the simile, but at this point I am spending a lot of time imagining amusing fates for the people responsible for this Rube Goldberg of a file format.
585: 7.5713644: For years I've been rushing around, taking whatever I fancied, not giving a tinker's curse for those I hurt. Yet here I am... with riches and reputation, feeling no wiser than when I left home. Yet when I turn around, and look at the course I've run... there's not a man or woman that I love left standing beside me.
2369: 7.5675397: Alive without breath; as cold as death; never thirsting, ever drinking; clad in mail, never clinking. Drowns on dry land, thinks an island is a mountain; thinks a fountain is a puff of air. So sleek, so fair! What a joy to meet! We only wish to catch a fish, so juicy-sweet!
1889: 7.563012: Bow down to me, we will never understand, then take my hand and you will see, we will see. You will see paradise, a paradise, of pain and death awaiting for you all, we'll decide the future. Lost evermore the essence of truth, although she tried in vain to bring us peace, it will ever rest in our hands. We've cried a thousand tears for all we had, and all the things we could have been, we must find our way again.
52: 7.5605454: It was a merry journey with Tom Bombadil trotting gaily beside them, or before them, on Fatty Lumpkin, who could move much faster than his girth promised. Tom sang most of the time, but it was chiefly nonsense, or else perhaps a strange language unknown to the hobbits, an ancient language whose words were mainly those of wonder and delight.
1695: 7.5537252: What if a lesser human being - a Cates, or a Darwin - has the audacity to think that God might whisper to him? That an un-Brady thought might still be holy? Must men go to prison because they are at odds with the self-appointed prophet?
1740: 7.552576: In Python, single-quoted strings and double-quoted strings are the same. This PEP does not make a recommendation for this. Pick a rule and stick to it. When a string contains single or double quote characters, however, use the other one to avoid backslashes in the string. It improves readability.
83: 7.551686: While Dorothy was looking earnestly into the queer, painted face of the Scarecrow, she was surprised to see one of the eyes slowly wink at her. She thought she must have been mistaken, at first, for none of the scarecrows in Kansas ever wink; but presently the figure nodded its head to her in a friendly way. Then she climbed down from the fence and walked up to it, while Toto ran around the pole and barked.
1891: 7.5467343: Don't be afraid, go straight on, 'cause no one knows what the future holds. Past regrets and loneliness. I gave it a lot of thought to see the light. I must go on for all time and never return! I have to say goodbye and it's breaking my heart forever. I wish to carry on, but there's so many places in this world. I'm following my destiny, crossing the valleys, the seven seas all over the earth and I'm swearing on my honour to dethrone the prince of the world.
1173: 7.5467343: Don't be afraid, go straight on, 'cause no one knows what the future holds. Past regrets and loneliness. I gave it a lot of thought to see the light. I must go on for all time and never return! I have to say goodbye and it's breaking my heart forever. I wish to carry on, but there's so many places in this world. I'm following my destiny, crossing the valleys, the seven seas all over the earth and I'm swearing on my honour to dethrone the prince of the world.
18: 7.54567: Your biggest concern while in this realm will likely be the Nyctofly. This airborne insect lives in heavily wooded areas and can locate you from far away. When you hear its wings fluttering, you know that it's time to fight. It's much harder to fight in open areas, so it's advised to stay in a tight space.
1433: 7.5456004: In computing, source code is any collection of code, with or without comments, written using a human-readable programming language, usually as plain text. The source code of a program is specially designed to facilitate the work of computer programmers, who specify the actions to be performed by a computer mostly by writing source code. The source code is often transformed by an assembler or compiler into binary machine code that can be executed by the computer.
1895: 7.5368185: The dark side of the realm, get behind, the secret of the beast. Get behind, you will find my hideout. It's too late all is done, I just bring bloodshed and cries. And the day will come here below when the light will cross my destiny. Domination to succeed to the crown, just remember the man you used to be. Cause when the virus comes it's time for victory.
182: 7.536689: Well, what do you say? Would you like to be transmogrified? Don't be scared, the process is instantaneous and completely painless. Just think! With the push of a button, you could be a 500-story gastropod - a slug the size of the Chrysler building!
2093: 7.535883: I was getting ten words per minute faster every single day, up until the fifty to sixty threshold. And I still improved, but it started to slow down to about five words per minute a day. As for QWERTY, I could still switch instantly. It didn't even take a second to adjust.
2142: 7.528742: And both that morning equally lay in leaves no step had trodden black. Oh, I kept the first for another day! Yet knowing how way leads on to way, I doubted if I should ever come back. I shall be telling this with a sigh. Somewhere ages and ages hence: Two roads diverged in a wood, and I- I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.
2163: 7.5234785: This is part of what a family is about, not just love, but letting others know there's someone who is watching out for them. It's what I missed so much when my mother died - what I call your 'spiritual security' - knowing that your family will be there watching out for you. Nothing else will give you that. Not money. Not fame.
2135: 7.523193: Here is what to do with hot tips. If you get a hot tip, make a note of it and pretend to be very interested. But don't buy. If the thing takes off, listen a little more closely the next time this fellow has a tip. If it gets mauled, look bitter the next time you see him. He will assume that you bought the stock; he will feel guilty; and he will buy you a very nice lunch.
1820: 7.5182376: They told me if I ever turned this flashlight on, I would DIE. They told me that about EVERYTHING. I don't know why they even bothered to give me this stuff if they didn't want me using it. It's pointless.
227: 7.5147934: What do you know of death? Have you ever died? You think death will preserve your cause forever? Ridiculous! Death leaves nothing behind! Once a person passes on, nothing remains but dead bones. If there is one thing I can't stand, it is a person with no respect for life.
1794: 7.513035: Alright, this next test may involve trace amounts of time travel. So, word of advice: if you meet yourself on the testing track, don't make eye contact. Lab boys tell me that'll wipe out time. Entirely. Forward and backward. So do both of yourselves a favor and just let that handsome devil go about his business.
231: 7.5120783: The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness. For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you.
1576: 7.5116663: Look, I think I know how to help Will. This calls for tough love. We've gotta draw him out, we gotta bait him, confront him, attack him until he defends himself. Only then will he start to feel better. Just follow my lead. Will, you should be ashamed of yourself!
1066: 7.509707: Leaving behind her still, on either side, small circles glittering idly in the moon, until they melted all into one track of sparkling light. But now, like one who grows, proud of his skill, to reach a chosen point with an unswerving line, I fixed my view upon the summit of a craggy ridge. The horizon's utmost boundary; far above was nothing but the stars and the grey sky.
1299: 7.5041685: Hey, you're making yourselves look like fools. Let's be honest, boys. You're never gonna be real scarers. Because real scarers look like us. But hey, if you really want to work for a scare company, they're always... hiring in the mailroom.
1796: 7.4963527: For god's sake, you're BOXES with LEGS! It's literally your only purpose! Walking onto buttons! How can you not do the one thing you were designed for?
1830: 7.488316: You came back! Didn't actually plan... for that. Can't actually reset the death trap. So. Ah. Could you jump into that pit there? Would you just jump into that pit for me?
1424: 7.4838567: Hmm, that's funny. I don't remember you saying "spec" so many times. Dr. Wexler, you're a platypus. Perry the Platypus?! I want to say I knew it was you, but I can't, because I didn't.
1430: 7.4818377: I'd like my cartoon character to have the power to be everywhere at once. I'd be called Multi-Man! And Ferb would have a utility belt, and use lots of crazy gadgets! He'd be called... um, Ferb Guy!
1728: 7.4786096: The Weeble's stupid. It can't move. Even if we were to put the Weeble in at point B, it's still going to bounce back and forth until it's kicked out at the B end. But if it were smart... it could enter at the B end and exit at the A end before it flips back.
1607: 7.477231: Congratulations on not being dead, curly. You surprised me. But I'm still not taking that thing back. You wanna get to Te Fiti, you have to go through a whole ocean of bad. Not to mention Te Ka. Lava monster? Ever defeat a lava monster?
2206: 7.4762006: It's a bit counterintuitive, yet imposing constraints (with intention) can actually increase creative potential. Think of as many silver things as you can in ten seconds. Now think of silver things in your kitchen. Which prompt sparked more ideas?
1697: 7.4749713: There was no hope for him. Buck was inexorable. Mercy was a thing reserved for gentler climes. He manoeuvred for the final rush. The circle had tightened till he could feel the breaths of the huskies on his flanks. He could see them, beyond Spitz and to either side, half crouching on the spring, their eyes fixed upon him.
2126: 7.4717174: When the gray skies take the colors away, I'll paint a rainbow lasting for days and days just like the magic that you always shared with me. Maybe now you need to believe. As the hands of time progress, it's so easy to forget the miracle that helped you bring me to life. Oh, there will always be a tomorrow; you'll never have to be alone!
390: 7.466959: She inserted a fresh sheet of paper and began. Under her fingers, the keys rattled and clicked. But although she willed the words to wisp up into long silvery tendrils that would wrap around her and take her away, they didn't. They stayed black and blunt on the page. There was no liftoff. None at all.
1316: 7.464413: "Shego, just my way of saying thanks for a super year, and Merry Christmas. Yours in evil, Dr. Drakken." Aw, that is so nice! Guess I should have taken his call.
1363: 7.4583416: Mr. Sansweet didn't ask to be saved, Mr. Sansweet didn't want to be saved! And the injury received from Mr. Incredible's "action", so quote, causes him daily pain!
1893: 7.458133: The light is in the air. I still believe cold is my way. I'll do all in my power to leave the pain just behind me, use your mind, relieve your soul. Head into the wind, cold is my way, make my mind go blank to leave regrets. Just behind me, use your mind to rise above. With all your might, use your mind and relieve your soul.
13: 7.4579873: Your brother came all this way just to get turned into a painting... It's just terrific. However... This Mario painting looks lonely... I must have a Luigi painting as well! Then my gallery will truly be complete!
1415: 7.457331: Well, this can't be right. Lemme see those blueprints. Oh, wait a minute. Those are the plans for a Space Laser-inator, apparently. I was wondering what that thing was for. That must be the laser. Good thing we didn't attach it, huh?
2350: 7.455539: The chamber of the stone god statue might have been massive, yet its actual inner structure was on the simpler side. On the walls, countless torches could be found there. And in front of these walls, more stone statues, slightly taller than a human being, stood tall and unmoving. There were lots of them here as well, found at a certain distance from one another.
2197: 7.454902: What do you know of your scientific name? - amoeba, protozoa, diatom, algae - you live with it regardless of your despair. Our studies, also, are of fear. Our hands grow cold in beholding what may become of us. We make connections if we can, while eyes draw us to them, large in silence.
40: 7.450138: Can you hear me, Belle? It's me. I know it's only been a short time since I began my journey without you, but it feels like an eternity. I received a letter from Gideon. He's doing well in his studies. Our son misses you, Belle. Terribly. And so do I.
2335: 7.444722: In the early and middle stages of any quest, there is often a Valley of Disappointment. You expect to make progress in a linear fashion and it's frustrating how ineffective changes can seem during first days, weeks, and even months. It doesn't feel like you are going anywhere. It's a hallmark of any compounding process: the most powerful outcomes are delayed.
1260: 7.4422193: Local law enforcement! It's about time you got here. I'm Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger, Universe Protection Unit. My ship has crash-landed here by mistake.
165: 7.4411488: We caught fish, and talked, and we took a swim now and then to keep off sleepiness. It was kind of solemn, drifting down the big still river, laying on our backs looking up at the stars, and we didn't ever feel like talking loud, and it warn't often that we laughed, only a kind of low chuckle. We had mighty good weather, as a general thing, and nothing ever happened to us at all, that night, nor the next, nor the next.
2041: 7.435694: You think cooking is a cute job, eh? Like mommy in the kitchen? Well, mommy never had to face the dinner rush where all the meals are different and none are simple with all the different cooking times and they must all arrive at the customer's table at exactly the same time, hot and perfect! Every second counts, and you cannot be mommy!
903: 7.434855: It's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than twelve parsecs. I've outrun Imperial starships. Not the local bulk cruisers, mind you. I'm talking about the big Corellian ships, now. She's fast enough for you, old man.
15: 7.4343863: With a silent order, I urged Snout forward but he veered away, charging toward Hazel instead. No, Snout! I thought. Toward the roof! He ignored me. That was the problem with a machine that obeyed your thoughts. Instead of doing what you said, it did what you wanted.
1522: 7.42084: But you're not just a guy, Troy. You're the team leader. What you do affects not only this team, but the entire school. And without you completely focused, we're not gonna win next week. The championship games, they don't come along all the time. They're something special.
129: 7.420504: After graduating from our school, they went into the Woods expecting epic battles with monsters and wizards, only to find their fairy tales unfold right in their own houses. They didn't realize that villains are the ones closest to us. They didn't realize that to find a happy ending, a hero must first look right under his nose.
1806: 7.408887: You're not part of the control group, by the way. You get the gel. Last poor son of a gun got blue paint. Hahaha. All joking aside, that did happen - broke every bone in his legs. Tragic. But informative. Or so I'm told.
1269: 7.4077935: You are my fire, the one desire. Believe when I say, I want it that way. But we are two worlds apart. Can't reach to your heart, when you say, that I want it that way. Tell me why, ain't nothing but a heartache. Tell me why, ain't nothing but a mistake. Tell me why, I never wanna hear you say, I want it that way.
2100: 7.406294: In the metaphysics of identity, the ship of Theseus is a thought experiment that raises the question of whether an object that has had all of its components replaced remains fundamentally the same object. The concept is one of the oldest in Western philosophy, having been discussed by Heraclitus and Plato by 500 - 400 BC.
1623: 7.4058113: Deep within it, the Abyss creeps into your mind. Eventually, it'll get your body as well. Unlike the curse from the 6th Layer, those don't manifest immediately. For every expedition, you'll stand at the precipice of death and insanity, twisting the skin off your head.
2171: 7.3994684: She loved everything that grew in God's earth, even the weeds. With one exception. If she found a blade of nutgrass in her yard it was like the Second Battle of the Marne: she swooped down upon it with a tin tub and subjected it to blasts from beneath with a poisonous substance she said was so powerful it'd kill us all if we didn't stand out of the way.
1351: 7.394872: Look at everybody's favorite scarer now! You stupid, pathetic waste! You've been number one for too long, Sullivan! Now your time is up! And don't worry! I'll take good care of the kid!
1773: 7.392288: Haskell's combination of purity, higher order functions, parameterized algebraic data types, and typeclasses allows us to implement polymorphism on a much higher level than possible in other languages. We don't have to think about types belonging to a big hierarchy of types. Instead, we think about what the types can act like and then connect them with the appropriate typeclasses.
1656: 7.390899: Help me be a channel of thy peace. That where there is hatred, I may bring love. That where there is wrong, I may bring the spirit of forgiveness. That where there is discord, I may bring harmony. That where there is error, I may bring truth. That where there is doubt, I may bring faith.
109: 7.384272: Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the western spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small disregarded yellow sun. Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
2019: 7.3782635: A genius, huh? What does that mean? 'Genius?' So I was not born with a whole lot of natural talent, not gifted like Neji... But I work hard and I never give up! That is my gift; that is my ninja way!
896: 7.372027: Gary now I know I was wrong, I messed up, and now you're gone. Gary I'm sorry I neglected you, oh I never expected you to run away and leave me feeling this empty. Your meow right now would sound like music to me. Please come home 'cause I miss you Gary. Gary come home.
1375: 7.370251: I know what I said! Remember the bad guys on those shows you used to watch on Saturday mornings? Well, these guys are not like those guys. They won't exercise restraint because you're children. They will kill you if they get the chance. Do not give them that chance.
1201: 7.3684373: As she approached the corner of the barn where the sugar maple stands, she plucked a few blackberries from a stray bush and popped them into her mouth. She looked all around her - back at the house, across the fields, and up into the canopy of branches overhead. She took several quick steps up to the trunk of the maple, threw her arms around it, and kissed that tree soundly.
209: 7.368097: Even if we've come this far in the tournament, in sports there is no way to know what might happen. You might be asked to go and play at any moment. Are you prepared for that mentally? Because I'm going to treat this game as any other official match and give you signs with that in mind. Let's take them down!
1718: 7.3646684: It comes and goes in waves, it always does; we watch as our young hearts fade into the flood, into the flood. The freedom of falling a feeling I thought was set in stone it slips through my fingers. I'm trying hard to let go. It comes and goes in waves. It comes and goes in waves... And it carries us away.
2095: 7.3629684: Breaking plateaus in anything is a difficult task. Sometimes, a new practice method can help you push through it, and other times, it's just more and more focused practice. My problem was that I was obsessed with speed, but sometimes you gotta take it slow, and refine each and every motion that you're making. That's what let me break through: I had to slow down to go faster.
1775: 7.361248: All right, I've been thinking. When life gives you lemons? Don't make lemonade. Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! I don't want your damn lemons! What am I supposed to do with these?
2243: 7.3605623: His brain took him back to a time when he was very little, all bundled up in a snowsuit. He and his mother were walking, hand in hand, mitten in mitten, when they both slipped on some ice and fell and rolled down a snow-covered hillside. They ended up at the bottom of the hill. He remembered he almost cried, but instead he laughed. His mother laughed, too.
1566: 7.356937: After another eternity there was success; one of its operations created a fundamental change in space-time, a self-contained bubble protected from the chaos, yet powered by it. With a final effort the Pattern injected itself through the event horizon and into the infinitely calm spaces beyond. Here it could cease its fight and direct all its efforts to discovery.
111: 7.3505125: There's much more. There's all that goes beyond - all that is elsewhere - and all that goes back, and back, and back. I received all of those, when I was selected. And here in this room, all alone, I re-experience them again and again. It is how wisdom comes. And how we shape our future.
1611: 7.3504148: I figured it out. You know the ocean used to love when I pulled up islands. 'Cause your ancestors would sail the seas and find them. All those new islands, new villages, it was the water that connected them all. And if I were the ocean, I think I'd be looking for, a curly haired, non-princess to start that again.
2056: 7.3468046: This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
2102: 7.346149: She was not a girl who could be "won" in the kinetic sense - she was proof against cleverness, she was proof against charm. Perhaps from so much youthful love, so many youthful lovers, she had come, in self defense, to nourish herself wholly from within.
1074: 7.342466: Security, like backing up, is one of those topics that we all should probably take more seriously than we do. Whenever reports are released highlighting popular password selections, it's clear that not everyone is on the same page, or even reading from the same book. But whether you have strong passwords or not, your accounts can still be compromised, and then you've got to ask yourself what you're going to do about it.
832: 7.3351455: I love you all the same, it's just a situation. Don't let it get between what we want, yeah, what we could be. I love you more each day. Sometimes I can't explain it but I feel it and I don't want that to change. I'm just dreaming, I know you're thinking, that the summer left us behind. I'll be waiting, I might be crazy, but I think that it's worth my time.
1671: 7.3333206: We stand up for our right. Stand up in order to fight. Silence's been broken our anger. Demand an apology to you. Time has come. Fight in the cause of justice. Don't wander in the darkness. No matter what happened, we push ahead confidently. Everything goes just as we want now, go.
1581: 7.330399: Gordon Freeman in the flesh. Or rather, in the hazard suit. I took the liberty of relieving you of your weapons; most of them were government's property. As for the suit, I think you've earned it. The border world, Xen, is in our control for the time being, thanks to you. Quite a nasty piece of work you managed over there. I am impressed.
1637: 7.3279366: Listen up, folks. We got a way of doin' things here at Sunnyside. If you start at the bottom, pay your dues, life here can be a dream come true! But if you break our rules, step outta line, try to check out early, well, you're just hurtin' yourselves.
2115: 7.320143: She came up to me and, putting her hands over my eyes, gently drew my head back upon her shoulder, saying tremulously, "Don't love it so well, Clark, or it may be taken from you. Oh, dear boy, pray that whatever your sacrifice may be, it be not that."
2251: 7.3200254: In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility - I welcome it. I do not believe that any of us would exchange places with any other people or any other generation. The energy, the faith, the devotion which we bring to this endeavor will light our country and all who serve it - and the flow from that fire can truly light the world.
976: 7.3168197: Hero? No! We're pirates! I love heroes, but I don't wanna be one! Do you know what heroes are? Say there is a chunk of meat. Pirates will have a banquet and eat it, but heroes will share it with other people. I want all the meat!
1337: 7.316181: I knew it. You're talking to her, aren't you, Arnold? What is she saying about me? I kept hearing this little click and I knew you were on the other line, to her, talking behind my back. Nadine was always jealous. She's jealous, isn't she, Arnold?
145: 7.3086486: What is the cause of historical events? Power. What is power? Power is the sum total of wills transferred to one person. On what condition are the wills of the masses transferred to one person? On condition that the person express the will of the whole people. That is, power is power. That is, power is a word the meaning of which we do not understand.
1615: 7.308337: We're soarin', flyin'. There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach. If we're trying, so we're breaking free. You know the world can see us in a way that's different than who we are. Creating space between us, 'til we're separate hearts. But your faith it gives me strength, strength to believe.
20: 7.307446: This subspecies of grub-dog has a thick coat of soft white fur that obscures its abdominal markings. The fur also warms its vital organs, making this species well adapted to colder climates. However, its hair follicles are surprisingly frail, which can result in immediate hair loss if the creature is surprised.
1667: 7.303314: Searching for my angel, I know I must believe I'm not wrong. Wanna hear her voice with no hesitation, just can't hear her voice. Searching for my angel. I know I'm sure now I'm not wrong. Wanna hear her voice with no hesitation. Still can't hear her voice.
2157: 7.297433: Sometimes we eat together in the cafeteria. Morrie, to my delight, is even more of a slob than I am. He talks instead of chewing, laughs with his mouth open, delivers a passionate thought through a mouthful of egg salad, the little yellow pieces are spewing from his teeth. It cracks me up. The whole time I know him, I have two overwhelming desires: to hug him and to give him a napkin.
2029: 7.296834: You taught me the courage of stars before you left: how light carries on endlessly, even after death. With shortness of breath, you explained the infinite and how rare and beautiful it is to even exist. I couldn't help but ask for you to say it all again. I tried to write it down, but I could never find a pen. I'd give anything to hear you say it one more time: that the universe was made just to be seen by my eyes.
2297: 7.2964606: To her, it looks absolutely beautiful. A smile crosses her lips without her wanting. "How pleasant," she whispers, chuckling to herself. Something so beautiful here: where she could soon find her grave. It's so bizarre that it is... to laugh.
898: 7.2952976: Time changed, we're different, but my mind still says redundant things, can I not think? Will you love this part of me? My lover is the day I can't forget. Furthering my distance from you. Realistically I can't leave now but I'm okay as long as you keep me from going crazy, keep me from going crazy.
2272: 7.2934675: Political danger. The great houses look to us for leadership and this threatens the Emperor. By taking Arrakis from the Harkonnens and making it ours he sets the stage for a war which would weaken both houses. But if we hold firm and tap the true power of Arrakis we could be stronger than ever.
2106: 7.293081: Beyond the limited scope of his political experience he was "almost unbelievably ill-informed," as William Allen White put it. It was revealed even more clearly in his helplessness when confronted by questions of policy to which mere good nature could not find the answer.
1270: 7.2925415: The booming jerked me out my sleep, woke the dishes and set them chattering, and sent Clara dashing through the dark to the children. "Must be Lord comin!" cried one of the servants. I realized I'd been dreaming of Mexico. Strange.
2247: 7.2915063: The young kids were mystified by this and stood open-eyed, watching. Some older folks smiled, waving as we hit a chuckhole and bounced. Papa swung left, and we clattered out onto the wide, empty boulevard that ran the length of the camp, back to where our own baggage waited and the final packing.
1529: 7.287681: Here, one of everything! No cheese, no crust, no pickles to the left, four squirts of ketchup, wheat buns, non-dairy lettuce, and farm-raised tomatoes, carnival style! And if there is anything else I can do, please hesitate to ask!
1634: 7.283193: Well, you're safe now. We're all castoffs here. We been dumped, donated, yard-saled, secondhanded and just plain thrown out. But just you wait, you'll find being donated was the best thing that ever happened to ya.
239: 7.278288: If you had to sacrifice many things to protect one, you're more likely to give up and throw it away. Including the relationships you have in your hand now. Because it's precious, because you don't want to lose it, you hide it away and put up a front. That's why everyone lies. But... the biggest liar of all... was me.
17: 7.2758107: I must not fear. Fear is the mind-killer. Fear is the little-death that brings total obliteration. I will face my fear. I will permit it to pass over me and through me. And when it has gone past I will turn the inner eye to see its path. Where the fear has gone there will be nothing. Only I will remain.
230: 7.27473: What's the use? Let's say we fought, if anybody asks. Now, go. I've no quarrel with you, besides. I'll just remain here, comfortably at rest, for some untold millennia, I guess. Have a nice... whatever time it is.
1584: 7.2700524: Rather than offer you the illusion of free choice, I will take the liberty of choosing for you... if and when your time comes around again. I do apologize for what must seem to you an arbitrary imposition, Dr. Freeman. I trust it will all make sense to you in the course of, well, I'm really not at liberty to say. In the meantime, this is where I get off.
286: 7.269042: Okay, may I speak now? Because I happen to be an expert on punishment, and I'm not sure it fits the crime here. I mean, Carver made a mistake - well, several really - but... you're different. He's changed. Doesn't that mean anything to you?
2242: 7.2679114: But they all knew, even as they said it, that Papa would never move back east. As bad as the West Coast sounded, it was still his home territory. He was too old to start over, too afraid of rejection in an unknown part of the world, too stubborn and too tired to travel that far, and too proud to do piecework on an assembly line.
2060: 7.2677975: "When you forge a weapon, you need three things: the right metal, temperatures over fourteen hundred degrees... and someone who wants to kill." Here in Jungle Village, we got all three.
2194: 7.2677245: Among the Japanese, of course, rice is never eaten with sweet foods, only with salty or savory foods. Few of us could eat such a mixture. But at this point no one dared protest. It would have been impolite. I was horrified when I saw the apricot syrup seeping through my little mound of rice.
1362: 7.265716: In a stunning turn of events, a superhero is being sued for saving someone who, apparently, didn't want to be saved. The plaintiff, Oliver Sansweet, who was foiled in his attempted suicide by Mr. Incredible, has filed a suit against the famed superhero in Superior Court.
1553: 7.2605867: The physical appearance of the please makes no difference. It is still no, so go to sleep. Cookie robots! I said cookie robots! Ah, why, why are you so, old? What are you talking about? These are kittens! Any relation to persons living or dead is completely coincidental.
76: 7.2603517: Over these last two nights, you've drawn an outline of a person. A person who doesn't think about others, a person who puts his own needs first. And over and over, other people get hurt, not necessarily because he means to hurt them, but because he just doesn't care. This person I'm describing, is it a different person, or is it you?
1239: 7.2579722: But, uh, I don't have any friends. And I'm not goin' out there by myself. Hey, wait a minute! I got a great idea! I'll stick with you. You're a mean, green, fightin' machine. Together we'll scare the spit out of anybody that crosses us.
2063: 7.2555375: An earthquake is a perceptible shaking of the surface of the Earth which can be violent enough to destroy major buildings and kill thousands of people. The severity of the shaking can be barely felt, or violent enough to toss people around. People often confuse earthquakes for Teminite gigs, but that's okay. Let the earth quake!
1235: 7.2516594: Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.
1631: 7.2514706: Let me guess. Andy's a real special kid. And to him you're his buddy, his best friend. And when Andy plays with you it's like, even though you're not moving, you feel like you're alive. Because that's how he sees you.
2087: 7.251294: So the question remains: why do we still use QWERTY? There is no reason, aside from the fact that it came first. It was already the standard when computer keyboards came into prominence, and now that it's so widespread, it would be an extremely difficult task to alter that standard.
1335: 7.250653: For Pete's sake, are you that cold? Look into your heart. Now we've got a choice: either you and I work all night to find a certain lost daughter or you can leave now. But if you leave now, that little football-headed kid will never believe in miracles again.
2191: 7.2503114: This lake of fire burns my skin. How could love wear so thin? I'm sinking in the hollow ground; nothing can stop me wanting you somehow. I won't let it die; I can feel you when you're not around. When the night gets cold, I won't be alone. We won't be alone.
1678: 7.2437882: Safe in the light that surrounds me, free of the fear and the pain. My subconscious mind starts spinning through time to rejoin the past once again. Nothing seems real, I'm starting to feel lost in the haze of a dream. And as I draw near the scene becomes clear like watching my life on a screen. Hello, Victoria, so glad to see you, my friend.
829: 7.2311425: Ultimately I don't understand a thing, I try to do the best I can, I know you try to do the same. We're just so bound to make mistakes, you could call it a disposition, I apologize for all your tears, I wish I could be different. But I'm still growing up, into the one you can call your love. I don't know if I'll ever be enough. I'm throwing in my chips, I guess I tend to push my luck.
1791: 7.2311006: Good morning. You have been in suspension for FIFTY days. In compliance with state and federal regulations, all testing candidates in the Aperture Science Extended Relaxation Center must be revived periodically for a mandatory physical and mental wellness exercise.
2190: 7.229874: I waited and waited to see you all come down the sidewalk, and as I waited I thought, Atticus Finch won't win, he can't win, but he's the only man in these parts who can keep a jury out so long in a case like that. And I thought to myself, well, we're taking a step - it's just a baby-step, but it's a step.
1286: 7.228482: If nature has made you for a giver, your hands are born open, and so is your heart; and though there may be times when your hands are empty, your heart is always full, and you give things out of that - warm things, kind things, sweet things - help and comfort and laughter - and sometimes gay, kind laughter is the best help of all.
73: 7.2249517: You step outside, you risk your life. You take a drink of water, you risk your life. And nowadays you breathe, and you risk your life. Every moment now... you don't have a choice. The only thing you can choose is what you're risking it for.
1368: 7.223756: Now, a clock needs to be clean, well-lubricated and wound tight. The best clocks have jewel movements, cogs that fit, that cooperate by design. I'm being metaphorical, Bob... You know what I mean by cooperative cogs?
1970: 7.2236223: "Ah, that is different!" said Boxer. "If Comrade Napoleon says it, it must be right."
2389: 7.223216: I need you more than you know, more than you'd believe. You're the only thing that really makes me want to live. There are times when I feel like I have no will to fight. You always come and chase the demons from my mind. You're beautiful inside and out, and I wish to thank you, for you're the one who made me want to stay.
1410: 7.220818: As soon as he walks through that front door, no more Perry the Platypus. It's genius right? Oh! I told Nancy to keep the back door locked. Note to self. My evil deed for tomorrow: fire the maid.
1819: 7.220537: If you're allergic to peanuts, you might want to tell somebody now, because this next test may turn your blood into peanut water for a few minutes. On the bright side, if we can make this happen, they're gonna have to invent a new type of Nobel Prize to give us, so hang in there.
1467: 7.214666: No, not cool! Unhygienic, and lonely, and boring... and that crummy medal was going to change all that. I go home with that baby around my neck and I'll get a penthouse, pies, ice sculptures, fireworks! Ah, it's grown up stuff, you wouldn't understand.
2321: 7.208879: Sleep supports memory consolidation. In one experiment, students who learned material in a study/sleep/restudy condition remembered material better both a week and six months later than those who studied in the morning and restudied in the evening without intervening sleep.
1810: 7.206856: The lab boys just informed me that I should not have mentioned the control group. They're telling me I oughta stop making these pre-recorded messages. That gave me an idea: make more pre-recorded messages. I pay the bills here, I can talk about the control group all damn day.
1861: 7.203772: "Ford!" he said, "there's an infinite number of monkeys outside who want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they've worked out."
1306: 7.203615: Well, well, well! Looks like you've got a choice to make, Stoppable! What's more important - Your sacred duty as assistant manager, or your pathetic role as goofy sidekick?
1116: 7.2024784: It is a law of nature we overlook, that intellectual versatility is the compensation for change, danger, and trouble. An animal perfectly in harmony with its environment is a perfect mechanism. Nature never appeals to intelligence until habit and instinct are useless. There is no intelligence where there is no change and no need of change. Only those animals partake of intelligence that have a huge variety of needs and dangers.
1168: 7.198918: Hello fellow and aspiring typists! Over the years I have spent among my beloved typing community so far, I have noticed that while there's plenty of sources for typing advice available for plenty of people who have sought it, they oftentimes only focus on a few certain aspects of typing as they tend to be pretty short and easy to read, and now and then the suggestions would contradict each other.
2158: 7.1900234: "Dying," Morrie suddenly said, "is only one thing to be sad over, Mitch. Living unhappily is something else. So many of the people who come to visit me are unhappy."
2338: 7.189757: Imagine you have a messy room and you set a goal to clean it. If you summon the energy to tidy up, then you will have a clean room - for now. But if you maintain the same sloppy, pack-rat habits that led to a messy room in the first place, soon you'll be looking at a new pile of clutter and hoping for another burst of motivation.
2186: 7.183585: Days passed with no sight of the comet, or even a single planet. Instead, asteroids extended for as far as the eye could see. "If I had known it was going to take this long, I would have packed more jam," said the little girl, above the rumble of her belly.
1912: 7.18182: The stupidest questions of all were asked by Mollie, the white mare. The very first question she asked Snowball was: "Will there still be sugar after the Rebellion?"
164: 7.1780095: You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You're on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who'll decide where to go...
2265: 7.177041: But I wish that just once more I could sit in a straight-backed wicker chair on that platform on the side of a hill in Colorado. I wish that just once more I could look up at the ridges, breathe in the fragrance of the pines, hear the gasping notes from that old pump organ and see the faces of the friends of my youth. I wish just once more, I could sing - on that hill far away.
2290: 7.177034: I'm not really sure why. But... do you stop loving someone just because they betray you? I don't think so. That's what makes the betrayal hurt so much - pain, frustration, anger... and I still loved her. I still do.
75: 7.175997: I know. I mean, I know, but I don't always know, you know? Like, sometimes I have this tiny voice in the back of my head that goes, like, "Hey, everyone hates you! And they're not wrong to feel that way!"
103: 7.1747675: And as we wind on down the road, our shadows taller than our soul. There walks a lady we all know, who shines white light and wants to show how everything still turns to gold. And if you listen very hard, the tune will come to you at last. When all are one and one is all, to be a rock and not to roll. And she's buying a stairway to heaven.
2374: 7.174089: Type 1a supernovae are thought to be potentially the most dangerous if they occur close enough to the Earth. Because these supernovae arise from dim, common white dwarf stars in binary systems, it is likely that a supernova that can affect the Earth will occur unpredictably and in a star system that is not well studied.
1540: 7.167077: Remember the day I set you free, I told you, you could always count on me, darling. From that day on, I made a vow. I'll be there when you want me, someway, somehow. Oh, baby there ain't no mountain high enough, ain't no valley low enough, ain't no river wide enough, to keep me from getting to you, babe.
1978: 7.165432: "It is no longer needed comrade," said Squealer stiffly. "'Beasts of England' was the song of the Rebellion. But the Rebellion is now completed."
1279: 7.165029: According to Maryland Criminal Law Section 10-501, adultery is illegal and punishable by a $10 fine.
2169: 7.160207: The boy stood up. He was the filthiest human I had ever seen. His neck was dark gray, the backs of his hands were rusty, and his fingernails were black deep into the quick. He peered at Miss Caroline from a fist-sized clean space on his face.
1555: 7.1587367: A young man stands in his bedroom. It just so happens that today, the 13th of April, 2009, is this young man's birthday. Though it was thirteen years ago he was given life, it is only today he will be given a name!
113: 7.1578927: Nothing in this world can take the place of good old persistence. Talent won't. Nothing's more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius won't. Unrecognized genius is practically a cliche. Education won't. Why the world is full of educated fools? Persistence and determination alone are all powerful.
1920: 7.153536: In the end they finished the harvest in two days less time than it had usually taken Jones and his men. Moreover, it was the biggest harvest that the farm had ever seen. There was not wastage whatever; the hens and ducks with their sharp eyes had gathered up the very last stalk. And not an animal on the farm had stolen so much as a mouthful.
1967: 7.1530285: But we were all wrong, comrades. Do you know what the real reason was? Snowball was in league with Jones from the very start! He was Jones's secret agent all the time. It has all been proved by documents which he left behind him and which we have only just discovered.
1325: 7.152334: Oh! Oh! Or we could put state-of-the-art robotic technology in kiddie meals all over the world! Can you hear me okay through that pillow?
1606: 7.1492915: Yeah, it almost sounds like you don't like me, which is impossible because I got stuck here for a thousand years, trying to get the heart as a gift for you mortals so you could have the power to create life itself. Yeah, so what I believe you were trying to say is, "Thank you."
1110: 7.147599: That Sunday, cloud spilled down from the sky and swamped the streets with a hot mist that made the thermometers on the walls perspire. Halfway through the afternoon, the temperature was already grazing the nineties as I set off towards Calle Canuda for my appointment with Barcelo, carrying the book under my arm and with beads of sweat on my forehead.
2209: 7.1453753: A wizard of Oz prototype fakes functionality that you want to test with users, saving you the time and money of actually creating it. Wizard of Oz prototypes often refer to prototypes of digital systems, in which the user thinks the response is computer-driven, when in fact it's human-controlled.
1770: 7.140997: A great way to pick up new Haskell knowledge is to just click through the standard library reference and explore the modules and their functions. You can also view the Haskell source code for each module. Reading the source code of some modules is a really good way to learn Haskell and get a solid feel for it.
2388: 7.1364446: As the harbor shrinks, growing fainter in the distance, severing you forever from this strange, newly formed nation called the United States, you haven't the slightest idea after years of war which of these names fits, or what the future holds, though on one matter you are clear: From the start, you were fighting for no one but yourself.
2320: 7.1363635: We first record to-be-remembered information as a fleeting sensory memory. From there, we process information into short-term memory, where we encode it through rehearsal. Finally, information moves into long-term memory for later retrieval.
1290: 7.131998: The atomic number or proton number (symbol Z) of a chemical element is the number of protons found in the nucleus of every atom of that element. The atomic number uniquely identifies a chemical element.
1792: 7.1306987: I've got a surprise for you after this next test. Not a fake, tragic surprise like last time. A real surprise, with tragic consequences. And real confetti this time. The good stuff. Our last bag. Part of me's going to miss it, but at the end of the day it was just taking up space.
150: 7.1292233: There's a word like overprotective to describe some parents, but no word that means the opposite. What word do you use to describe parents who don't protect enough? Underprotective? Neglectful? Self-involved? Lame? All of the above.
1558: 7.126901: Waters of chaos have invaded all space, the flood on Earth again; I have to find the whales. That once did guide us to dry lands of life; I won't despair, I'll break this dark around. Under heavy sea, I'll search the flight of whales.
36: 7.124948: Harry, I'm going to let you in on a little secret. Every day, once a day, give yourself a present. Don't plan it. Don't wait for it. Just let it happen. It could be a new shirt at the men's store, a catnap in your office chair, or two cups of good, hot black coffee.
2370: 7.1169844: Everything that lives is designed to end. We are perpetually trapped in a never-ending spiral of life and death. Is this a curse? Or some kind of punishment? I often think about the god who blessed us with this cryptic puzzle... and wonder if we'll ever get the chance to kill him.
1309: 7.1166964: You get one chimerito and they give you like a dozen little packets of Diablo sauce. You can't possibly use all this sauce. Somewhere, there's a landfill loaded with unopened hot sauce. And someday, I'm gonna find it.
105: 7.1152596: Ever since the dawn of civilization, people have not been content to see events as unconnected and inexplicable. They have craved an understanding of the underlying order in the world. Today we still yearn to know why we are here and where we came from. Humanity's deepest desire for knowledge is justification enough for our continuing quest. And our goal is nothing less than a complete description of the universe we live in.
1708: 7.110545: We've heard all about the Great Deliverer. The BT Buster. The terrorist... er... stopper. I'm still working on that last one.
888: 7.109952: One job forever? That's an insane choice to have to make. I'm relieved. Now we only have to make one decision in life. But, Adam, how could they never have told us that? Why would you question anything? We're bees.
1674: 7.1073484: All wound up, on the edge, terrified, sleep disturbed, restless mind, petrified. Bouts of fear permeate all I see, heightening nervousness threatens me. I am paralyzed, so afraid to die. Caught off guard, warning signs never show. Tension strikes, choking me, worries grow.
1436: 7.1041274: Cry, little baby bunny! Cry, cry... Aw, you don't know when to quit, do you? I want you to remember this moment, the next time you think you'll ever be anything more than just a stupid carrot-farming dumb bunny!
2286: 7.0996513: How many roads must a man walk down before you call him a man? How many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand? Yes, and how many times must the cannonballs fly before they're forever banned? The answer, my friend, is blowin' in the wind.
1378: 7.098628: Just like a movie! The robot will emerge dramatically, do some damage. Throngs of screaming people! And just when all hope is lost, Syndrome will save the day! I'll be a bigger hero than you ever were!
922: 7.097977: You're just too good to be true, can't take my eyes off of you. You'll be like heaven to touch, I wanna hold you so much. At long last, love has arrived and I thank God, I'm alive. You're just too good to be true, can't take my eyes off of you.
1500: 7.097952: Hey, c'mon. You wanted to save your father's life. Who knew you'd end up shaming him, disgracing your ancestors and losing all your friends. Y'know, you just gotta... just gotta learn to let these things go.
926: 7.0972333: Tommy... the thing is you're using words, but the thing about this world, Tommy, is that the only universal language is violence. And we've had that conversation, we've spoken that language in the pit! Onto a new day, a new plot - to destroy Manberg.
1592: 7.0959888: Empty your mind, be formless. Shapeless, like water. If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
192: 7.095253: Today might be the chance to grasp the chance to let your talent bloom. Maybe tomorrow, the day after, or next year... Maybe even when you're thirty. I'm not sure if physique has anything to do with it, but if you think that it will never come, it probably never will.
1408: 7.091974: Ah, Perry the Platypus. As usual, your timing is uncanny. And by uncanny, I mean, "completely" canny!!
2071: 7.0919576: I have come ten million miles, and traveled on your Earth. And with his hands, the fiery beast may consummate my birth. Locust, flies, and disgusting beasts shall crack the ocean floor. Has given life to fiery hands, that open up the door.
1177: 7.087345: I really looked up to him. He's smart, and the way he talks, you really believe that he's a good person, that everything he does is to protect his family, his home, or all of humanity. He makes you think that as long as you do what he says, you must be doing the right thing. Even when he asks you to do something bad. Something... evil.
2396: 7.0794516: The thing that really surprised me was that it [Earth] projected an air of fragility. And why, I don't know. I don't know to this day. I had a feeling it's tiny, it's shiny, it's beautiful, it's home, and it's fragile.
1103: 7.078376: Curiously enough, the only thing that went through the mind of the bowl of petunias as it fell was, "Oh no, not again." Many people have speculated that if we knew exactly why the bowl of petunias had thought that we would know a lot more about the nature of the Universe than we do now.
1501: 7.077084: I've heard a great deal about you, Fa Mulan. You stole your father's armor, ran away from home, impersonated a soldier, deceived your commanding officer, dishonored the Chinese Army, destroyed my palace, and... you have saved us all.
1336: 7.07487: Oh sure it's a good day for you! Tomorrow's a grand day for you because tomorrow is the day you get a job! Tomorrow is the day you pay the bills, tomorrow is the day you grow up and start acting responsible. But tomorrow never comes for you, does it, Oskar? Because it's so conveniently a day away!
1446: 7.0742254: "Let's agree to disagree" shouldn't end a discussion. It should start a new conversation, with a focus on understanding and learning rather than arguing and persuading. That's what we'd do in scientist mode: take the long view and ask how we could have handled the debate more effectively.
1428: 7.0734005: So what you're saying is if I let you go, you'll tell me where my keys are? Oh, for Pete's sake, why didn't you say that like an hour ago? Oh, look, they were under your cute little platypus foot the whole time.
1372: 7.0727015: It's finally ready! You know, I went through quite a few supers to get it worthy to fight you, but man, it wasn't good enough! After you trashed the last one, I had to make some major modifications. Sure it was difficult, but you are worth it. I mean, after all... I am your biggest fan.
419: 7.0720673: Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. He sets them to work, he gives back to them the bare minimum that will prevent them from starving, and the rest he keeps for himself.
1132: 7.070823: Overcame all the fight, never lose fate and destiny. With my soul, with my sword. I will fight, I won't ever lose. All the blood, all the lives. Never lose fate and destiny. With the sorrow, with my grief, now I stand right before you!
2172: 7.0623703: His white shirt bobbed over the back fence and slowly grew larger. He came up the back steps, latched the door behind him, and sat on his cot. Wordlessly, he held up his pants. He lay down, and for a while I heard his cot trembling. Soon he was still. I did not hear him stir again.
1838: 7.0615087: An exquisite pleasure had invaded my senses, but individual, detached, with no suggestion of its origin. And at once the vicissitudes of life had become indifferent to me, its disasters innocuous, its brevity illusory, this new sensation having had on me the effect which love has of filling me with a precious essence; or rather this essence was not in me, it was myself. I had ceased now to feel mediocre, contingent, mortal.
918: 7.058842: How could you do this to me? I've been a salesman here 18 years. Wendy's only been here two months!? Look, your sales are admittedly better but she has the college degree. What can I do?
1739: 7.057526: For decades the recommended style was to break after binary operators. But this can hurt readability in two ways: the operators tend to get scattered across different columns on the screen, and each operator is moved away from its operand and onto the previous line. To solve this readability problem, mathematicians and their publishers follow the opposite convention.
1317: 7.0565577: First, you'll be sealed in a reinforced titanium box. Next, you will be dropped into this bottomless chasm. Then, the chasm will be filled with water. Then, man-eating sharks and a giant squid will then be released into the water!
913: 7.0490303: I don't wanna see you cry. You don't have to feel this emptiness. She said I love you till the day that I die. Well maybe she's right 'cause I don't wanna feel like I'm not me. And to be honest I don't even know why I let myself get down in the first place.
223: 7.049021: Money is defined in terms of what it does: money is any asset that can easily be used to purchase goods and services. For ease of use, money must be widely accepted by sellers. It is also desirable for money to be durable, portable, uniform, in limited supply, and divisible into smaller units, as with dollars and cents.
1850: 7.047053: Often people have it wrong, mistakenly believing that showing mercy to an enemy is kindness. They spare the foe whose life is in their hands. But don't you see? It's an empty existence, to go on living, alone and unloved, when defeat's already cost you your dream!
2144: 7.0451183: As the CSX case demonstrated, all the injured and families of the dead except Angelica Palank accepted their modest settlements quickly. So long as insurance costs less than repairs, this dangerous tradeoff will continue no matter what the railroad industry says about its safety.
1528: 7.0308275: Practice chanters are used by beginners to learn techniques for fingering and blowing. Because pipers need to know their tunes from memory, practice chanters are also used when learning any new tune. Pipe band members practice together using practice chanters, both for practicing old tunes and for learning the tempo and notes to new music.
1852: 7.0308075: On a scale from one to zero, are you happy? Cause you're on your own from here, so are you happy? I'm open to suggestions, are you happy? But what kind of question is "Am I happy?"
980: 7.027123: Have you seen the two-hundred-foot-long billboards in the country beyond town? Did you know that once billboards were only twenty feet long? But cars started rushing by so quickly they had to stretch the advertising out so it would last.
2179: 7.027015: We do not propose to say that there shall be no rich men. We do not ask to divide the wealth. We only propose that, when one man gets more than he and his children and his children's children can spend or use in their lifetimes, that then we shall say that such person has his share. That means a few million dollars is the limit to what any one man can own.
1453: 7.0224667: If I don't turn off the collider after you leave, everyone in this city, my parents, my uncle, and millions of others, will die. And you're just going to go home and leave me here to figure this out for myself? You good with that, Spider-Man?
2145: 7.020617: Joyce Hogi laughed when she read the reports claiming that the city would be tens of millions of dollars ahead, and her neighborhood would experience big economic gains. "You don't have to be an economist to figure out that this is nonsense," she thought.
983: 7.019865: Earlier, kids had been playing hopscotch there, on the street that looked like oil-stained pages. When I arrived, I could still hear the echoes. The feet tapping the road. The children-voices laughing, and the smiles like salt, but decaying fast.
1244: 7.013603: You don't know me son! You don't know me son! You don't know me son! You don't know me son! Who's going to carry the boats and the logs? Who's going to carry the boats?
587: 7.0130224: Well, well! The fearsome Edward Kenway speaks, eh? Pray tell us, captain, how to quit this predicament! And tell us what genius you have for sailing a boat with no sails and no rudder!
1402: 7.0070996: Ah, Perry the Platypus. Your timing is impeccable. And by "impeccable," I mean completely peccable!
1366: 7.0060863: Yes! They happened! But this, our family, is what's happening now, Bob. And you are missing this! I can't BELIEVE you don't want to go to your own son's graduation!
96: 7.0035644: I call this turf 'n' turf. It's a 16-ounce T-bone and a 24-ounce porterhouse. Also, whiskey and a cigar. I am going to consume all of this at the same time because I am a free American.
2280: 7.00152: Now if rights are founded in the nature of our moral being, then the mere circumstance of sex does not give to man higher rights and responsibilities, than to woman. To suppose that it does, would be to deny the self-evident truth, that the "physical constitution is the mere instrument of the moral nature."
1285: 7.0006294: How strange and foolish is man. He loses his health in gaining wealth. Then, to regain health he wastes his wealth. He ruins his present while worrying about his future, but weeps in the future by recalling the past. He lives as though death shall never come to him, but dies in a way as if he were never born.
1804: 6.9956985: Enjoy this next test. I'm going to go to the surface. It's a beautiful day out. Yesterday I saw a deer. If you solve this next test, maybe I'll let you ride an elevator all the way up to the break room. And I'll tell you about that time I saw a deer again.
235: 6.9945908: There is no death, there is only the Force. There is no emotion, there is peace. There is no ignorance, there is knowledge. There is no passion, there is serenity. There is no chaos, there is harmony. There is no death, there is the Force.
2088: 6.9889736: There are a surprising amount of alternate layouts, and my only problem with Colemak was an over-reliance on the middle two columns. There are a number of factors that keyboard layouts can optimize for, but I was looking for maximum home row usage with minimal middle column usage.
1721: 6.988305: Here's what's going to happen. I'm going to read this, and you're going to listen, and you're going to stay on the line. You're not going to interrupt. You're not going to speak for any reason. Now, some of this you know. I'm going to start at the top of the page.
2403: 6.9862027: Our society is teaching young people to avoid direct experience in nature. That lesson is delivered in schools, families, even organizations devoted to the outdoors, and codified into the legal and regulatory structures of many of our communities. Our institutions... unconsciously associate nature with doom - while disassociating the outdoors from joy and solitude.
2294: 6.984445: What is it you want, Mary? What do you want? You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down. That's a pretty good idea. I'll give you the moon, Mary.
270: 6.97392: And in the darkness, in the secret hour, when we awoke in the night and there were no brothers around us, but only their shapes in the beds and their snores, we closed our eyes, and we held our lips shut, and we stopped our breath, that no shudder might let our brothers see or hear or guess, and we thought that we wished to be sent to the Home of the Scholars when our time would come.
224: 6.973051: Anne said no more until they turned into their own lane. A little gypsy wind came down it to meet them, laden with the spicy perfume of young dew-wet ferns. Far up in the shadows a cheerful light gleamed out through the trees from the kitchen at Green Gables.
2267: 6.9708714: Vision? What do you know about my vision? My vision would turn your world upside down, tear asunder your illusions, and send the sanctuary of your own ignorance crashing down around you. Now ask yourself, Are you ready to see that vision?
1262: 6.969368: Oh yeah, but not like this one. This is a quality sound system. Probably all copper wiring, huh? So, uh, where are you from? Singapore? Hong Kong?
1399: 6.9642415: There's something very strange going on with Dr. Doofenshmirtz. He's been very quiet lately, a little too quiet! I want you to find out what's not going on and, uh... put a... stop... to it. I suppose.
1042: 6.964144: There are few scenes more gratifying than a spring plowing in that country, where the furrows of a single field often lie a mile in length, and the brown earth, with such a strong, clean smell, and such a power of growth and fertility in it, yields itself eagerly to the plow; rolls away from the shear, not even dimming the brightness of the metal, with a soft, deep sigh of happiness.
2205: 6.9567904: The hard part is selecting which ideas to act on. Brainstorm selection may be straight forward for some brainstorms, but selecting design solutions may take more deliberation. Don't pick just one and don't settle on safe choices. Select a range of ideas to carry forward into prototyping, aiming to preserve the breadth of solutions generated by the group.
1498: 6.953191: With all the strength of a raging fire, mysterious as the dark side of the moon. Time is racing toward us till the Huns arrive. Heed my every order and you might survive. You're unsuited for the rage of war, so pack up, go home, you're through. How could I make a man out of you?
167: 6.950308: Would you really dig into yesterday's garbage to make tonight's meal? Do you dig into old mental garbage to create tomorrow's experiences? If a thought or belief does not serve you, let it go! There is no written law that says that because you once believed something, you have to continue to believe it forever.
1108: 6.9496694: He pointed to a smallish, dark, well-dressed man who was bustling along the other side of the road. As we watched him he looked across at a boy who was bawling out the latest edition of the evening paper, and running over among the cabs and busses, he bought one from him. Then, clutching it in his hand, he vanished through a door-way.
1579: 6.941855: That diet and exercise regimen your mother put me on has really changed my life. It's nice having her home more. She wakes up cheerful every morning, leaves little love notes in my briefcase, calls me up at work just to chat. That woman must be stopped!
232: 6.9415536: I don't tip because society says I have to. All right, if someone deserves a tip, if they really put forth an effort, I'll give them a little something extra. But this tipping automatically, it's for the birds. As far as I'm concerned, they're just doing their job.
64: 6.936282: Well, crying isn't gonna bring him back, unless your tears smell like dog food. So you can either sit there crying and eating can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food to make your dog come back, or you can go out there and find your dog.
1371: 6.930837: The Omnidroid's defenses necessitate an air drop from 5000 feet. Its cloaking devices make it difficult to track. Although we're pretty sure it's on the southern half of the island. One more thing. Obviously it represents a significant investment.
2207: 6.9286013: Rather than prototype a complete mockup of a solution, it's more productive to single out and test a specific variable. Identifying a variable not only saves time and money, it gives you the opportunity to test multiple prototypes, each varying in one property. This encourages the user to make nuanced comparisons between prototypes and choose one option over another.
1924: 6.9274898: After much thought Snowball declared that the Seven Commandments could in effect be reduced to a single maxim, namely: "Four legs good, two legs bad".
928: 6.9272423: "This is the feeling of being lonely. Every time I savour this, it strengthens my resolve to pursue the demonic way!" Fang Yuan's gaze shone, thinking of the story of Ren Zu.
1172: 6.9271293: Was I sure of my fateful wish to evoke the night from the day? Thousands now join as one - be afraid. What have I done? Clouds are dimming the sun with his wrath of disease and decay. This masque of vengeance leads my death parade.
1886: 6.9271293: Was I sure of my fateful wish to evoke the night from the day? Thousands now join as one - be afraid. What have I done? Clouds are dimming the sun with his wrath of disease and decay. This masque of vengeance leads my death parade.
1298: 6.9218: You were right. They weren't scared of me. I did everything right. I wanted it more than anybody. And I thought... I thought if I wanted it enough, I could show everybody that... that Mike Wazowski is something special. I'm just... not.
965: 6.9180865: Awarded the National Medal of Science, the highest honor for scientific achievement in this country, revered biochemist Earl Stadtman was quoted as saying, "Aging is a disease."
71: 6.917133: You're something out of a dream! Messing with my head. And I've been looking for you. Are you hiding? 'Cause I like the way you're calling to me! Your spell upon me. You're something out of a dream! And I like it, though I fight it.
418: 6.916292: Any momentary triumph you think you have gained through argument is really a Pyrrhic victory: The resentment and ill will you will stir up is stronger and lasts longer than any momentary change of opinion. It is much more powerful to get others to agree with you through your actions, without saying a word. Demonstrate, do not explicate.
2131: 6.9146404: Our knowledge has made us cynical; our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery, we need humanity. More than cleverness, we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities life will be violent, and all will be lost.
245: 6.910418: In most people's vocabularies, design means veneer. It's interior decorating. It's the fabric of the curtains and the sofa. But to me, nothing could be further from the meaning of design. Design is the fundamental soul of a man-made creation that ends up expressing itself in successive outer layers of the product or service.
140: 6.9102225: I've spent a lifetime practicing, becoming who I must be to survive. Hiding in plain sight, always acting, always playing a part. There are times when I fear that I'll lose me, my true self, in the haze of the facade. But that fear doesn't matter to anyone besides myself.
1863: 6.9009705: "I like the cover," he said. "Don't panic. It's the first helpful or intelligible thing anybody's said to me all day."
1403: 6.897409: Agent P, Dr. Doofenshmirtz is up to his old tricks. He's made fifty-seven phone calls in the past hour. We don't know to whom or why. No, not to Santa!
1994: 6.896172: There were many more mouths to feed now. In the autumn the four sows had all littered about simultaneously, producing thirty-one young pigs between them. The young pigs were piebald, and as Napoleon was the only boar on the farm, it was possible to guess at their parentage.
1229: 6.8872366: If you want a child to share a toy, instead of asking, "Will you share?" ask, "Will you be a sharer?"
1635: 6.877218: Well, now, I'll tell ya. When the kids get old, new ones come in. When they get old, new ones replace them. You'll never be outgrown or neglected, never abandoned or forgotten. No owners means no heartbreak.
1067: 6.876714: The calculus of functions of more than one variable unites the calculus of one variable, which the reader presumably knows, with the theory of vector spaces, and the adequacy of its treatment depends directly on the extent to which vector space theory really is used. The theories of differential equations and differential geometry are similarly based on a mixture of calculus and vector space theory.
2401: 6.8672643: Within the space of a few decades, the way children understand and experience nature has changed radically. The polarity of the relationship has reversed. Today, kids are aware of the global threats to the environment - but their physical contact, their intimacy with nature, is fading. That's exactly the opposite of how it was when I was a child.
586: 6.8632116: Ah... all Men desire to live by a Code, or a Creed, yes? Yet when pressed, most defer to their instincts rather than the Laws that bind them. But what is the appeal of a creed if it does not yoke all men to like behaviour?
1117: 6.8629613: Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.
1123: 6.8619127: I no longer believed in the idea of soul mates, or love at first sight. But I was beginning to believe that a very few times in your life, if you were lucky, you might meet someone who was exactly right for you. Not because he was perfect, or because you were, but because your combined flaws were arranged in a way that allowed two separate beings to hinge together.
2083: 6.858809: With this faith, we will be able to hew out of the mountain of despair a stone of hope. With this faith, we will be able to transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood. With this faith, we will be able to work together, to pray together, to struggle together, to go to jail together, to stand up for freedom together, knowing that we will be free one day.
1853: 6.8518887: There exists a limit to the force even the most powerful may apply without destroying themselves. Judging this limit is the true artistry of government. Misuse of power is the fatal sin. The law cannot be a tool of vengeance, never a hostage, nor a fortification against the martyrs it has created. You cannot threaten any individual and escape the consequences.
42: 6.8516955: Breaking News! An update has swept the realm, changing villager life forever. But one villager refuses to embrace our new way of life. Here's Villager Number Nine with more info.
46: 6.8425303: Here's a little gift to thank you for all your help! I'm supposed to be steering the ship right now, but I had to write this before I forgot. Anyway, I see a big rock up ahead, so I'd better wrap this up. Bye! Love, Gulliver.
1167: 6.8414717: Existence was bigger than just life. It was everyone's life all together, and even if you lived in Buffalo, New York and had never been more than ten miles from home, you were part of the puzzle, too. It didn't matter how small your life was.
2147: 6.839526: No harm. No harm! Have they seen what happened to our income? Do they care what the city did to ruin our business? No harm! I suffered plenty of harm and not just because I am paying taxes to support Chrysler instead of the schools.
1143: 6.8352237: So, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. And maybe we'll never know most of them. But even if we don't have the power to choose where we come from, we can still choose where we go from there. We can still do things. And we can try to feel okay about them.
410: 6.8341246: The last big rains of the year were falling. It was the time for treading red earth with which to build walls. It was not done earlier because the rains were too heavy and would have washed away the heap of trodden earth; and it could not be done later because harvesting would soon set in, and after that the dry season.
2372: 6.8329263: Suddenly he stopped. There was an answer, or so he thought; but it seemed to come from behind him, away down the path further back in the Forest. He turned round and listened, and soon there could be no doubt; someone was singing a song; a deep glad voice was singing carelessly and happily, but it was singing nonsense.
1465: 6.830125: The best part of my day is when I get thrown off the roof. Because when the Nicelanders lift me up, I get a perfect view of Sugar Rush, and I can see Vanellope racing. The kid's a natural, and the players love her, glitch and all, just like I knew they would.
982: 6.8286943: After school started at the end of August we still went out a couple times more. But something happened. I don't know what. He didn't say anything. He didn't give me any warning. He just stopped picking me up. One day he didn't come for me anymore.
1265: 6.8286185: Sid Phillips reporting. Launch of shuttle has been delayed due to adverse weather conditions at the Launch Site. Tomorrow's forecast: sunny, ha, ha, ha! Sweet dreams!
2061: 6.825363: Smile for the camera 'cause the world's on fire. Cheers to the moment when the worlds rip off; I'll be holding on with you. Dance with the devil in the pouring rain; sharks in the water but it's all the same. I'll be holding on; I'll be holding on with you.
149: 6.8137994: Some things you just can't explain. You don't even try. You don't know where to start. All your sentences would jumble up like a giant knot if you opened your mouth. Any words you used would come out wrong.
1481: 6.812839: I know not who you are, or how I came to find you, but may I just say... Hi, how ya doin'? The name's Flynn Rider. How's your day goin', huh?
1736: 6.808415: Continuation lines should align wrapped elements either vertically using Python's implicit line joining inside parentheses, brackets and braces, or using a hanging indent. When using a hanging indent the following should be considered; there should be no arguments on the first line and further indentation should be used to clearly distinguish itself as a continuation line.
1811: 6.8082623: If you've cut yourself at all in the course of these tests, you might have noticed that your blood is pure gasoline. That's normal. We've been shooting you with an invisible laser that's supposed to turn blood into gasoline, so all that means is, it's working.
590: 6.8080807: My boy died at the Wrath Gate. I am here only to collect his body. I made a promise to his mother before she died; that I would cross the Dark Portal alone - whether I lived or died, my son would be safe. Untainted...
1844: 6.807009: You might hear some ugly talk about it at school, but do one thing for me if you will: you just hold your head high and keep those fists down. No matter what anybody says to you, don't you let 'em get your goat. Try fighting with your head for a change.
1641: 6.806649: Is it? Tell me this, Sheriff. If your kid loves you so much, why is he leaving? You think you're special, cowboy? You're a piece of plastic. You were made to be thrown away.
1350: 6.8059564: Okay, here's the truth. You know that kid they're looking for? Sulley let her in! We tried to get her back but Waternoose had a secret plot and now Randall's right behind us, and he's trying to kill us!
159: 6.8032823: And I defend because in spite of all I find that I love. In order to get some of it down I have to love. I sell you no phony forgiveness, I'm a desperate man - but too much of your life will be lost, its meaning lost, unless you approach it as much through love as through hate. So I approach it through division so I denounce and I defend and I hate and I love.
1450: 6.8019943: Are you from another dimension? Like a parallel universe where things are like this universe but different? And you're Spider-Man in that universe? But somehow traveled to this universe, but you don't know how?
1341: 6.800743: Phoebe, over the last week, you've screamed at kids in the halls, you've rationed water at the drinking fountain... you've given out more tickets than a lottery! I mean, look around! Half of our class is sitting here in detention!
119: 6.8006005: The prophecy of the black foal decreed that the Hundred Year Star would transfer its supernatural fire to the colt at midnight on his first birthday. The star would then disappear for another hundred years, and the black foal would become the most powerful pegasus in Anok.
1915: 6.797643: For the first few minutes the animals could hardly believe in their good fortune. The first act was to gallop in a body right around the boundaries of the farm, as though to make quite sure that no human being was hiding anywhere upon it; then they raced back to the farm buildings to wipe out the last traces of Jones' hated reign.
2329: 6.797493: The entrepreneur and investor Naval Ravikant has said, "To write a great book, you must first become the book."
1056: 6.793619: Anna often demanded unreasonable service from her older brothers; that they should sit up until after midnight to bring her home from parties when she did not like the youth who had offered himself as her escort; or that they should drive twelve miles into the country, on a winter night, to take her to a ranch dance, after they had been working hard all day.
1969: 6.7935767: The plot was for Snowball, at the critical moment, to give the signal for flight and leave the field to the enemy. And he very nearly succeeded - I will even say, comrades, he would have succeeded if it had not been for our heroic Leader, Comrade Napoleon.
2089: 6.7917128: There are a few videos and articles on the internet of people learning these alternate layouts - they're fine, my only problem with them is the fact that they never really get to a words per minute that I would consider as mastery - and sometimes, they don't even talk about their peak speed at all.
591: 6.786425: What I like about you is that you're passionate! You're analytical! It doesn't matter what it is, you care about it! 100 percent! At maximum power!
255: 6.7828026: It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way.
1825: 6.7792816: Right. Now, you might be asking yourself, "Cave, just how difficult are these tests? What was in that phone book of a contract I signed? Am I in danger?"
2334: 6.7789855: Breakthrough moments are often the result of many previous actions, which build up the potential required to unleash a major change. For example, bamboo can barely be seen for the first five years as it builds extensive root systems underground before exploding 90 feet into the air within six weeks.
1665: 6.776316: Now's the time I slash at you with my sword, I change my sorrow into power. There's no way, to keep a promise, cause I have to win, my honor. Why did you try to do that? There's no way to keep a promise, cause I have to guard, my life. Why did you tell a lie to me?
1931: 6.775101: There was not an animal on the farm that did not take vengeance on them after his own fashion. Even the cat suddenly leapt off a roof onto a cowman's shoulders and sank her claws in his neck, at which he yelled horribly. At a moment when the opening was clear, the men were glad enough to rush out of the yard and make a bolt for the main road.
1801: 6.771957: I know things look bleak, but that crazy man down there was right. Let's not take these lemons! We are going to march right back upstairs and MAKE him put me back in my body!
1329: 6.762042: So long, Kim Possible! You used to think you were all that, but you don't remember the 'all that-ness' that you used to think... that you were then... but not now...
1851: 6.758656: Are you feeling nervous? Are you having fun? It's almost over, it's just begun. Don't overthink this, look in my eye. Don't be scared, don't be shy. Come on in, the water's fine.
2210: 6.753151: During the design process, it can be unclear how to proceed forward, particularly when team members have mixed opinions. The best way to resolve team conflicts about design elements is to prototype and evaluate them with users. If a prototype is received well, it's a good sign it's worth pursuing further.
1338: 6.752634: Okay. If we're gonna get you off chocolate, we have to figure out why you're so obsessed with it. This is a watch. I want you to watch. It goes back and forth. Watch the watch. Concentrate. Do you like chocolate?
1918: 6.747746: They explained that by their studies of the past three months the pigs had succeeded in reducing the principles of Animalism to seven commandments. These seven commandments would now be inscribed on the wall; they would form an unalterable law by which all the animals on Animal Farm must live for ever after.
943: 6.7472215: According to Greek mythology, humans were originally created with four arms, four legs and a head with two faces. Fearing their power, Zeus split them into two separate parts, condemning them to spend their lives in search of their other halves.
1208: 6.746134: From that day forward Impey Barbicane became one of the greatest citizens of the United States, a kind of Washington of Science. A single trait of feeling, taken from many others, will serve to show the single point which this homage of a whole people to a single individual attained.
1571: 6.7436323: No matter how much we fought each other, though, if we faced an outsider, the unbreakable bonds of brotherhood tightened between us. As the saying goes, "Fighting within these walls disappears at an outside threat."
1992: 6.7424774: They had thought that the Fifth Commandment was 'No animal shall drink alcohol', but there were two words that they had forgotten. Actually the Commandment read: 'No animal shall drink alcohol to excess.'
1504: 6.740874: Gotta fix that calendar I have that's marked July 15th. Because since there's no more you, there's no more anniversary. I'm so fed up with my thoughts of you and your memory. And how every song reminds me of what used to be.
411: 6.736321: She walked close to Gatsby, touching his coat with her hand. Jordan and Tom and I got into the front seat of Gatsby's car, Tom pushed the unfamiliar gears tentatively, and we shot off into the oppressive heat, leaving them out of sight behind.
1888: 6.736107: Great Ptah, Khnemu, sacred priest of the temple of Ra and the keeper of truth. Crystalline spheres, the power of light grant us keys to the stars and the secrets of flight. Five shall be as One. We unlock the mysteries of knowledge and technology.
2114: 6.7323103: As for myself, I saw my aunt's misshapen figure with that feeling of awe and respect with which we behold explorers who have left their ears and fingers north of Franz Josef Land, or their health somewhere along the Upper Congo.
1109: 6.729308: Milkman is a dynamic character whose growth Morrison charts by illustrating his progressive awareness of the landscapes he moves within. Scenes that immerse Milkman in unfamiliar territory, that show him struggling as an uninitiated visitor to sylvan lands, are reminiscent of literature in the American naturalist tradition.
1929: 6.7251296: All the pigeons, to the number of thirty-five, flew to and fro over the men's heads and muted upon them from mid-air; and while the men were dealing with this, the geese, who had been hiding behind the hedge, rushed out and pecked viciously at the calves of their legs.
2236: 6.723579: My mother, she brought a smile to my face every day. In a life so ordinary and full of struggles for being poor, it was her that was extraordinary. As nature turns seed and water to flower, mother turned the normal things into fascination and love; she was my happiness, my hero. Still, for some reason, I feel empty now.
1746: 6.7210045: Haskell is a purely functional programming language. In imperative languages you get things done by giving the computer a sequence of tasks and then it executes them. While executing them, it can change state. In purely functional programming you don't tell the computer what to do as such but rather you tell it what stuff is.
1862: 6.719987: People living at point C, being a point directly in between, are often given to wonder what's so great about point A that so many people from point B are so keen to get there, and what's so great about point B that so many people from point A are so keen to get there.
1694: 6.7158604: Listen to me, mister. You're my knight in shining armor. Don't you forget it. You're going to get back on that horse, and I'm going to be right behind you, holding on tight, and away we're gonna go, go, go!
1556: 6.715402: I struggled to survive in the mortal world since I came to life and joined this world. I lived my own life according to my own feelings, and even if the waves toss me up and down, sending me to the border of death, I will never grieve, lament, fear, or worry; I will savor these flavors thoroughly, and will still laugh crazily until the end.
2260: 6.7136617: The psychology department actually studies the limits of almost all psychology. And it's only when you go to graduate school that you can do some real research. In graduate school, after deciding on a specific major and an academic adviser and applying, you have to pass an interview and written evaluation of your research plans.
1928: 6.7131124: Any animal caught singing it was given a flogging on the spot. And yet the song was irrepressible. The blackbirds whistled it in the hedges, the pigeons cooed it in the elms, it got into the din of the smithies and the tune of the church bells. And when the human beings listened to it, they secretly trembled, hearing in it a prophecy of their future doom.
1340: 6.71257: Yeah, me, too. Look at these! One for walking too fast, one for walking too slow, one for turning a corner too sharply, one for turning too wide, one for squeaky shoes, one for suspiciously quiet shoes. And these are from this morning.
57: 6.705: You know what they say: "For every good battle, you need a good adversary." And I felt that Gnasty, in spite of his misguided nature, was a worthy opponent.
1625: 6.7009735: Well, I tried squeakin', but I'm still broken. No one could hear me. Besides, the dust aggravates my condition. What's the point in prolonging the inevitable? We're all just one stitch away from here, to there.
1848: 6.697421: Man seeks peace, yet at the same time yearning for war. Those are the two realms belonging solely to man. Thinking of peace whilst spilling blood is something that only humans could do. They're two sides of the same coin. To protect something, another must be sacrificed.
1243: 6.6968236: It's a piece of cake to bake a pretty cake, if the way is hazy. You gotta do the cooking by the book, you know you can't be lazy! Never use a messy recipe, the cake will end up crazy. If you do the cooking by the book, then you'll have a cake!
1033: 6.696724: Of course, as we have seen, he was quite a simple man; indeed he might have passed for a boy again if he had been able to take his baldness off; but he had also a noble sense of justice and a lion's courage to do what seemed right to him; and having thought the matter out with anxious care after the flight of the children, he went down on all fours and crawled into the kennel.
1302: 6.6966777: Welcome back. I hope everyone had a pleasant break. Some say that a career as a scream can designer is boring. Unchallenging. A waste of a monster's potential. Open your text books to chapter three. We will now plunge into the rich history of scream can design.
970: 6.6936154: The sun, the moon, the stars shine less brightly with you so far. I never knew sorrow, 'til you asked me to follow my heart. Oh, for all the tales I've told and these whispers of silver and gold. I'd throw them all away to gaze on your face once more.
1942: 6.691117: Benjamin was the only animal who did not side with either faction. He refused to believe either that food would become more plentiful or that the windmill would save work. Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on - that is, badly.
1144: 6.6895533: I think that if I ever have kids, and they are upset, I won't tell them that people are starving in China or anything like that because it wouldn't change the fact that they were upset. And even if somebody else has it much worse, that doesn't really change the fact that you have what you have.
1394: 6.6886773: This is Stanky Dog, coming to you on the hottest day of the summer. Unless you live at the beach, I say take it easy and do nothing today. Yup, just find yourself a shady tree and maybe an aquatic mammal of some sort, and just blow the whole day off.
1417: 6.6799674: Perry the Platypus, how unexpected! And by "unexpected", I mean... unexpected. What are you doing here? This is my week off.
2382: 6.6794395: Night after night for every year and every year, for no reason at all, the woman comes out and looks at the sky, her hands up, for a long moment, looking at the green burning of Earth, not knowing why she looks, and then she goes back and throws a stick on the fire, and the wind comes up and the dead sea goes on being dead.
1749: 6.6771226: Haskell is statically typed. When you compile your program, the compiler knows which piece of code is a number, which is a string and so on. That means that a lot of possible errors are caught at compile time. If you try to add together a number and a string, the compiler will whine at you.
962: 6.6771116: Every day I'm here, I think: Why did it ever come to this? Damaged minds and bodies, their freedom taken away. Even losing themselves. If people knew it would come to this, nobody would go to war.
959: 6.6758556: We should be able to overcome anything as long as we work as one! As ambassador for the Marleyan government, I, Willy Tybur, wish for world peace! To the enemy forces of Paradis Island; this is a declaration of war!
2164: 6.675734: We laughed, and Morrie laughed, too, as hard as he could, with his limited breathing. It was the first time in weeks that I could recall him telling a story like this. How strange, I thought, that he nearly fainted once from watching someone else's illness, and now he was so able to endure his own.
1586: 6.6755195: I wish I could do more than keep an eye on you, but I have agreed to abide by certain, restrictions. Well, now... Listen carefully, my dear. When you see your father relay these words: Prepare for unforeseen consequences!
2078: 6.6717663: You talked of subjugation. I answered your violent plea... youth and infatuation kept me too blind to see. You think you're someone's hero, you're hiding more than your eyes. I challenge your weak manifesto, the goal of a savior is not to be lionized.
1333: 6.6654425: The worst part is, I did this to myself! If only I had left what I wrote on the wall, if only I wasn't so gutless, maybe Arnold would be cosying up to me, instead of that Little Miss Perfect phony Lila.
2344: 6.663854: Now normally, we're supposed to relay this information back to the Association and wait for their decision first, but... But, if we do that, we might end up handing over the task of killing the boss to other Hunters, and our takings for today's raid would decrease by a lot.
2033: 6.6608434: At eight o'clock on Tuesday morning Arthur didn't feel very good. He woke up blearily, got up, wandered blearily round his room, opened a window, saw a bulldozer, found his slippers, and stomped off to the bathroom to wash.
2376: 6.657978: I hate being clever, thought the captain, when you don't really feel clever and don't want to be clever. To sneak around and make plans and feel big about making them. I hate this feeling of thinking I'm doing right when I'm not really certain I am.
155: 6.656376: He saw Forest and understood what Seer had meant. It was an illusion. It was a tangled knot of fears and deceits and dark struggles for power that had disguised itself and almost destroyed everything. Now it was unfolding, like a flower coming into bloom, radiant with possibility.
2366: 6.6542544: Finally! I'm an adult! I can do things I was never allowed to do as a kid like eat ice cream for every meal! My brain has absorbed heaps and reams of knowledge! Like the reasons why I shouldn't eat ice cream for every meal.
135: 6.647277: The world isn't fair? What a huge revelation! Some people in power abuse those they have power over? Amazing! When did this start happening?
1945: 6.6414237: The animals would still assemble on Sunday mornings to salute the flag, sing "Beasts of England" and receive their orders for the week; but there would be no more debates.
1303: 6.6413355: Well, then. I'm sure your family will be very disappointed. And Mr. Wazowski, what you lack is something that cannot be taught. You're not scary. You will not be continuing in the Scaring Program.
1782: 6.6401644: Did you put a virus in them? It's not going to work either. I've got a firewall, mate. Literally, actually, now that I look around. There appears to be literally a wall of fire around this place. Alarming. To say the least.
72: 6.6400867: It's just a test, test 1, 2, 3, baby I'm missin' you. Tell me are you missin' me? 'Cause it hasn't been a long time; girl, I already wish you were by my side.
39: 6.637735: Only a true author could weave such a tale. Every story an Author has ever written lives in his heart. You have done good work - could use a little more romance, perhaps, but maybe in your next book.
2381: 6.6341233: Earth changed in the black sky. It caught fire. Part of it seemed to come apart in a million pieces, as if a gigantic jigsaw puzzle had exploded. It had burned with an unholy dripping glare for a minute, three times normal size, then dwindled.
1258: 6.6324787: Buzz! You're alive! This is great! I'm saved! Andy will find you here, he'll take us back to the room, and then you can tell everyone that this was all just a big mistake.
924: 6.6276755: You can't do anything without certainty. The world won't wait for your certainty. You need companions who will open doors without hesitation. And... Don't you wanna protect those eyes, that don't know doubt.
1799: 6.6270695: Here's an interesting fact: you're not breathing real air. It's too expensive to pump this far down. We just take carbon dioxide out of the room, freshen it up a little, and pump it back in. So you'll be breathing the same room full of air for the rest of your life. I thought that was interesting.
1836: 6.625491: I course backward down the flight of ancestors, hunting along the tributaries, darting into nooks and crannies. You would not recognize many of their names. Who has ever heard of Norma Cenva? I have lived her!
1357: 6.618225: Settle down? Are you kidding? I'm at the top of my game! I'm right up there with the big dogs! Girls, come on. Leave the saving of the world to the men? I don't think so! I don't think so.
2246: 6.618147: A gust of wind rushed through the orchard, bringing ice off the white slopes, and more blossom scent. It hurt to inhale deeply. I pulled my coat tight, ready to head for the car's warmth, but also wanting to hold this moment for a little longer. I might never be back here again.
1756: 6.614164: Tuples are much more rigid because each different size of tuple is its own type, so you can't write a general function to append an element to a tuple - you'd have to write a function for appending to a pair, one function for appending to a triple, one function for appending to a 4-tuple, etc.
266: 6.613963: Tell them only that the Lich King is dead and that Bolvar Fordragon, died with him! Now go - leave this place and never return!
1233: 6.6123056: Governments will always play a huge part in solving big problems. They set public policy and are uniquely able to provide the resources to make sure solutions reach everyone who needs them. They also fund basic research, which is a crucial component of the innovation that improves life for everyone.
1818: 6.6100793: Well, no matter. Because I'm still holding all the cards. And guess what: they're all full houses! I've never actually played cards. Meaning to learn.
1738: 6.6082625: The preferred way of wrapping long lines is by using Python's implied line continuation inside parentheses, brackets and braces. Long lines can be broken over multiple lines by wrapping expressions in parentheses. These should be used in preference to using a backslash for line continuation.
2138: 6.5976725: He'll give you advice on October broilers or the frost in Florida... gladly. What he won't tell you - or it will cost him dearly if it does - is that you shouldn't be in the game at all.
1841: 6.597474: This place must once have been quite the hub, built at the border between two lands, that misty drop to one side and those bulbous growths another. Neither place seems particularly welcoming so while my little treats last, I think I'll stay right here.
1323: 6.5967016: Trade up my BF? Ron, I don't care about dating a jock. I care about dating you, Ron Stoppable, no matter who he is - as long as he's honest.
1419: 6.594003: Perry the Platypus, I... You know, we always do the same thing. I have a scheme, you try to stop me, I trap you, I tell you my scheme, you escape, then we fight, and I'm defeated. Let's mix it up a little!
30: 6.587746: Voodoo One, Viper's on station. Your journey ends here, Pilot - the skies belong to me. Nowhere to run... Nowhere to hide.
2237: 6.5849423: Maybe I made a mistake yesterday, but yesterday's me is still me. I am who I am today, with all my faults. Tomorrow I might be a tiny bit wiser, and that's me, too. These faults and mistakes are what I am, making up the brightest stars in the constellation of my life. I have come to love myself for who I was, who I am, and who I hope to become.
178: 6.5830154: Behold the dreaded toboggan: the suicide sled. Its unique design sends a blinding spray of snow on its passengers at the slightest bump. Note, too, the lack of any steering mechanism. Yes, this sled is truly a hazard to life and limb.
1786: 6.58172: Bad news is we're postponing those tests indefinitely. Good news is we've got a much better test for you: fighting an army of mantis men. Pick up a rifle and follow the yellow line. You'll know when the test starts.
1114: 6.579942: As I ate the oysters with their strong taste of the sea and their faint metallic taste that the cold white wine washed away, leaving only the sea taste and the succulent texture, and as I drank their cold liquid from each shell and washed it down with the crisp taste of the wine, I lost the empty feeling and began to be happy and to make plans.
1986: 6.5783715: The next moment a choking roar of rage sounded from Napoleon's apartments. The news of what had happened sped round the farm like wildfire. Banknotes were forgeries! Frederick had got the timber for nothing!
1588: 6.577776: Mother knows best, listen to your mother, it's a scary world out there. Mother knows best, one way or another, something will go wrong, I swear. Ruffians, thugs, poison ivy, quicksand, cannibals and snakes, the plague.
938: 6.576537: Whatever made me the way I am left me hollow, empty inside, unable to feel. It doesn't seem like a big deal. I'm quite sure most people fake an awful lot of everyday human contact. I just fake it all. I fake it very well, and the feelings are never there.
1380: 6.574625: No, no, I'm a new superhero! I'm Syndrome! All right, stand back! Someone needs to teach this hunk of metal a few manners.
1460: 6.57418: No, Miles. I'm sorry. I wanted you to look up to me. I let you down, man. I let you down. You're the best of all of us, Miles. You're on your way. Just keep going. Just keep going.
408: 6.568097: I told myself they were not gawking curiosity seekers, but scientists here in search of knowledge. They couldn't help finding these pictures funny - but still, as Burt caught the spirit and made amusing comments on the films, I was overcome with a sense of mischief.
1102: 6.5665293: Mockingbirds don't do one thing except make music for us to enjoy. They don't eat up people's gardens, don't nest in corn cribs, they don't do one thing but sing their hearts out for us. That's why it's a sin to kill a mockingbird.
1023: 6.564326: You stress over money and your career, you set your clocks back, you exercise, you wait in line, you paint your house, get depressed, feel better, buy things, take your clothes to the dry cleaner, set your clocks forward and spend your whole life waiting for happiness to arrive in the mail.
1672: 6.562841: I can overthrow, a fair wind blows. I'll make the first move. Come with me and everything goes just as I want. Shout for my pride, my faith never dies. I'll make the first move, come with me stand up in order to fight.
1438: 6.5627303: Actually, it's your word against yours. And if you want this pen, you're going to help me find this poor missing otter, or the only place you'll be selling pawpsicles is the prison cafeteria. It's called a hustle, sweetheart.
1964: 6.5598297: Every night, it was said, he came creeping in under cover of darkness and performed all kinds of mischief. He stored the corn, he upset the milk-pails, he broke the eggs, he tramped the seed-beds, he gnawed the bark off the fruit trees.
1761: 6.5594354: Recursion is important to Haskell because unlike imperative languages, you do computations in Haskell by declaring what something is instead of declaring how you get it. That's why there are no while loops or for loops in Haskell and instead we many times have to use recursion to declare what something is.
1176: 6.558486: I imagine death so much it feels more like a memory. When's it gonna get me? In my sleep? Seven feet ahead of me? If I see it comin', do I run or do I let it be? Is it like a beat without a melody?
1972: 6.55515: He turned to go, then paused and added impressively: 'I warn every animal on this farm to keep his eyes very wide open. For we have reason to think that some of Snowball's secret agents are lurking among us at this moment!'
1640: 6.553152: You can unlock doors, sneak past guards, climb the wall, but if you don't take out that monkey, you ain't going nowhere. You wanna get out of here? Get rid of that monkey!
1248: 6.550263: Blue orchids bloom through the city streets at night, into starlight we call out "We're still here, can you hear me?"
1971: 6.549144: "That is the true spirit, comrade!" cried Squealer, but it was noticed he cast a very ugly look at Boxer with his little twinkling eyes.
1326: 6.5491223: So anyway, I was in line behind Big Tony, you know with the glandular problem, and he takes two puddings, two! And the guards didn't even bust him for it. I tell you, the money this prison wastes, it's criminal!
2132: 6.5449653: You are not machines! You are not cattle! You are men! You have the love of humanity in your hearts! You don't hate! Only the unloved hate - the unloved and the unnatural!
2001: 6.5419726: That night there was the sound of uproarious singing, which was followed by what sounded like a violent quarrel and ended at about eleven o'clock with a tremendous crash of glass. No one stirred in the farmhouse before noon on the following day, and the word went round that from somewhere or other the pigs had acquired the money to buy themselves another case of whisky.
1287: 6.538561: Names convey meanings; our choice of names determines the meaning of what we say. An inappropriate name gives people the wrong idea. A rose by any other name would smell as sweet-but if you call it a pen, people will be rather disappointed when they try to write with it.
1598: 6.536851: Most people only live for their image, that is why where some have a self, a starting point, most people have a void, because they are so busy projecting themselves as this or that, dedicating their lives to actualize a concept of what they should be like rather than to actualize their ever-growing potentiality as a human being.
2404: 6.53643: The postmodern notion that reality is only a construct - that we are what we program - suggests limitless human possibilities; but as the young spend less and less of their lives in natural surroundings, their senses narrow, physiologically and psychologically, and this reduces the richness of human experience.
1595: 6.530481: Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
9: 6.5296254: Today is the big day! I have devised an ingenious plan to finally steal the Krabby Patty formula! And if Bikini Bottom gets demolished in the process, oh well!
148: 6.5280924: You have a good many little gifts and virtues, but there is no need of parading them, for conceit spoils the finest genius. There is not much danger that real talent or goodness will be overlooked long; even if it is, the consciousness of possessing and using it well should satisfy one, and the great charm of all power is modesty.
1620: 6.5256906: The seeker after truth should be humbler than the dust. The world crushes the dust under its feet, but the seeker after truth should so humble himself that even the dust could crush him. Only then, and not till then, will he have a glimpse of truth.
48: 6.523683: I don't know about you, but I'm feeling 22. Everything will be alright, if you keep me next to you. You don't know about me but I bet you want to. Everything will be alright, if we just keep dancing like we're 22.
1719: 6.5204034: Compromise where you can. Where you can't, don't. Even if everyone is telling you that something wrong is something right. Even if the whole world is telling you to move, it is your duty to plant yourself like a tree, look them in the eye, and say: No, you move.
1755: 6.51996: A list of numbers is a list of numbers. That's its type and it doesn't matter if it has only one number in it or an infinite amount of numbers. Tuples, however, are used when you know exactly how many values you want to combine and its type depends on how many components it has and the types of the components.
1716: 6.519019: Man seeks peace, yet at the same time yearning for war. Those are the two realms belonging solely to man. Thinking of peace whilst spilling blood is something that only humans could do. They're two sides of the same coin, to protect something, another must be sacrificed.
1392: 6.5161676: The world is like a ride in an amusement park, and when you choose to go on it you think it's real because that's how powerful our minds are. The ride goes up and down, around and around, it has thrills and chills, and it's very brightly colored, and it's very loud, and it's fun for a while.
1224: 6.513284: A king must live a life more vivid than any other and be figure for all to admire! The king is the one who collects the envy of all his heroes and stands as their guide! Therefore, the king is not alone! For his will equals that of all his followers combined!
1511: 6.5071716: Do you still think of me, like I think about you? Do you still dream of me, 'cause I can't sleep without you? Tell me if time should make a change. Then why do I feel the same? Your love has got me addicted.
2245: 6.5069256: His fingers worked below her shoulder blades. He had found the knot, the tension node, and he homed in on it with a practiced knuckle. Mama rolled her head from side to side, pulling at the tendons in her neck, groaning loudly now, hissing with painful pleasure of his cure.
2154: 6.506471: Once, he brought a tango tape and got them to play it over the speakers. Then he commandeered the floor, shooting back and forth like some hot Latin lover. When he finished, everyone applauded. He could have stayed in that moment forever.
1468: 6.5025625: Do you have any idea what you put me through? I ran higgeldy-piggeldy all over creation looking for you! I almost drowned in chocolate milk mix! And then... I met the most dynamite gal.
1330: 6.5023203: Well deary, back in the day I trained the sternest nannies the world has ever seen, but times changed. A stern nanny was no longer the fashion. Fewer and fewer of my graduates were hired. Finally, nanny had to close her lovely academy for good.
1849: 6.502009: In this world, wherever there is light - there are also shadows. As long as the concept of winners exists, there must also be losers. The selfish desire of wanting to maintain peace causes wars, and hatred is born to protect love.
1717: 6.502009: In this world, wherever there is light - there are also shadows. As long as the concept of winners exists, there must also be losers. The selfish desire of wanting to maintain peace causes wars, and hatred is born to protect love.
228: 6.498131: Destiny. Fate. Dreams. These unstoppable ideas are held deep in the heart of man. As long as there are people who seek freedom in this life, these things shall not vanish from the Earth.
1575: 6.4969416: You're a slacker. You say you want things but you're never willing to work for it! You never make the sacrifice. You think you're just gonna charm your way through; just like your father!
1288: 6.4954348: Oxygen is the chemical element with the symbol O and atomic number 8. It is a member of the chalcogen group in the periodic table, a highly reactive nonmetal, and an oxidizing agent that readily forms oxides with most elements as well as with other compounds.
1780: 6.493633: All these science spheres are made of asbestos, by the way. Keeps out the rats. Let us know if you feel a shortness of breath, a persistent dry cough or your heart stopping. Because that's not part of the test. That's asbestos.
2259: 6.4926133: That day, if our positions were switched... Would our fates be different? Would I have your life, and you mine? Let's settle this... Dante.
1956: 6.4868364: With some difficulty Muriel spelt it out. "It says, 'No animal shall sleep in a bed with sheets'", she announced finally.
388: 6.484247: You can't write a story until you've felt it. Breathed it in. Walked with your characters. Talked with them. That's why you've come here. To live your story.
1404: 6.483814: Okay, Ferb. If we're going to tackle this fashion design thing, we've got to do something really special. It has to be cool, comfortable... and undetectable by radar. Something that absolutely screams summer!
417: 6.476096: My tea's gone cold, I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all. The morning rain clouds up my window, and I can't see at all. And even if I could it'll all be gray, but your picture on my wall. It reminds me that it's not so bad, it's not so bad.
605: 6.4750867: Books were flung aside without being put away on the shelves, inkstands were overturned, benches thrown down, and the whole school was turned loose an hour before the usual time, bursting forth like a legion of young imps, yelping and racketing about the green in joy at their early emancipation.
2220: 6.452338: It can be a hearty or plaintive tune, depending on your mood. From Papa, that night, it was a deep-throated lament. Almost invisible in the stove's small glow, tears began running down his face.
1535: 6.446443: Same bed but it feels just a little bit bigger now. Our song on the radio but it don't sound the same. When our friends talk about you, all it does is just tear me down. 'Cause my heart breaks a little when I hear your name.
61: 6.443452: You're so afraid of losing the people that you love that you push them away. And that's why you'll always be an orphan. You don't need some villain swooping in to destroy your happiness. You do that quite well all on your own.
961: 6.442234: Let me teach you, big oaf... It's not that there are things science can't explain. You look for the rules behind those things. Science is just a name for the pain in the butt effort that goes behind it.
1643: 6.4407105: Anyone concur with Ken? I didn't throw you away. Your kid did. Ain't one kid ever loved a toy, really. Chew on that when you're at the dump.
1345: 6.440109: There is nothing more toxic or deadly than a human child. A single touch could kill you! Leave a door open and a child could walk right into this factory! Right into the monster world!
2299: 6.4394383: And now, instincts begin to lurch, old and forgotten, in the wake of those thoughts. They haven't yet taken hold, those discarded and practical sensibilities. They have only stirred. She is still afraid. She clings to hope by a little finger.
92: 6.43897: I've been quite open about this around the office: I don't want this park's department to build any parks, because I don't believe in government. I think that all government is a waste of taxpayer money. My dream is to have the park system privatized and run entirely for profit by corporations.
24: 6.4380183: Were you in love with him? I guess I'll never really know. I just know I felt things I'd never felt before, a kind of wrenching feeling. I didn't know what it was, it just tore at my heart. Have you ever felt that way?
1440: 6.4379025: No, I am a cop. And I'm on the Emmitt Otterton case, and my evidence puts him in your car! So intimidate me all you want, I'm gonna find out what you did to that otter if it's the last thing I do.
156: 6.436252: It bothered him a little to lie about small things. But he always had; he had grown up lying, and he still found it strange that the people in this place where he now lived thought lying was wrong. To Matty, it was sometimes a way of making things easier, more comfortable, more convenient.
2271: 6.4343433: Long exposure to spice has given the tribe their characteristic blue eyes, the eyes of Ibad. Little else is known of the Fremen, except that they are dangerous and unreliable. Fremen attack make spice harvesting extremely hazardous.
958: 6.421543: She gracefully jumped off the roof of the building, plummeting to the alley below. She rolled into a handspring, vaulting through a broken window into the abandoned warehouse inside. Years of navigating the streets kept her body strong - and her mind sharp.
1178: 6.4212604: What is done cannot be undone. I am offering you a path forward. Your discomfort is understandable. You don't feel right trading your life for another's. But know this, every one of these men and women would gladly trade their life to save yours.
154: 6.421039: Fear was always a part of life for the people. Because of fear, they made shelter and found food and grew things. For the same reason, weapons were stored, waiting. There was fear of cold, of sickness and hunger. There was fear of beasts.
1225: 6.419836: Never was there such a send-off as that given the Sixth Massachusetts Regiment, the first to leave for Washington. Thousands saw the trains off from Boston, the cheering loud enough to stir the saints.
946: 6.4186177: Other people are likely not to be aware that those who pursue philosophy aright study nothing but dying and being dead. Now if this is true, it would be absurd to be eager for nothing but this all their lives, and then to be troubled when that came for which they had all along been eagerly practicing.
1445: 6.417746: Research reveals that the higher you score on an IQ test, the more likely you are to fall for stereotypes, because you're faster at recognizing patterns. And recent experiments suggest that the smarter you are, the more you might struggle to update your beliefs.
1831: 6.416577: Before re-entering a relaxation vault at the conclusion of testing, please take a moment to write down the results of your test. An Aperture Science Reintegration Associate will revive you for an interview when society has been rebuilt.
1577: 6.414231: Carlton, I'd like to come to everything you do. I always come to your tennis matches, to your glee club concerts, to your debate matches. Frankly, keeping up with your extracurricular activities is a 24-hour a day job.
220: 6.4133368: You, me, or nobody is gonna hit as hard as life. But it ain't about how hard ya hit. It's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward. How much you can take and keep moving forward.
287: 6.408516: And you... how are you any better? Why do humans think they can rectify one evil with another? I mean, it's clearly the first time this reptile has truly loved a woman and this is his reward?
482: 6.405615: Typewriter eraser brushes were necessary for clearing eraser crumbs and paper dust, and using the brush properly was an important element of typewriting skill; if erasure detritus fell into the typewriter, a small buildup could cause the typebars to jam in their narrow supporting grooves.
1748: 6.404768: Haskell is lazy. That means that unless specifically told otherwise, Haskell won't execute functions and calculate things until it's really forced to show you a result. That goes well with referential transparency and it allows you to think of programs as a series of transformations on data.
927: 6.3941097: Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll me. I ain't the sharpest tool in the shed. She was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumb in the shape of an "L" on her forehead.
1955: 6.391006: They would meet in the public houses to prove to one another by means of diagrams that the windmill was bound to fall down, or that if it did stand up, then that it would never work. And yet, against their will, they had developed a certain respect for the efficiency with which the animals were managing their own affairs.
828: 6.3852096: In Penny Lane, there is a barber showing photographs of every head he's had the pleasure to know. And all the people that come and go, stop and say, "Hello".
1735: 6.3848624: However, know when to be inconsistent - sometimes style guide recommendations just aren't applicable. When in doubt, use your best judgement. Look at other examples and decide what looks best. And don't hesitate to ask!
70: 6.3816137: Hey little train! We are all jumping on. The train that goes to the Kingdom. We're happy, Ma, we're having fun. And the train ain't even left the station.
1101: 6.380879: We are wasting all of our time fighting each other, like fools. For what? For pride? Glory? What are pride and glory but the constructs of long dead men, and yet the world is for the living.
1065: 6.3807406: To reduce the threat of hyperinflation, the government proposed to restrict subsidies to enterprises; raise interest rates; set quarterly limits on credits, the budget deficit, and money supply growth; and impose temporary taxes and cut spending if budget targets are not met.
74: 6.3806586: When I grow up, I want to be just like you, and I think I'm on the right track. Get it? Track, because horses run on tracks, and you are a horse, and I am a horse. Do you get it? Do you get my joke about the track?
1599: 6.379903: Self-actualization is the important thing. And my personal message to people is that I hope they will go towards self-actualization rather than self-image actualization. I hope that they will search within themselves for honest self-expression.
212: 6.3783646: Friendship - my definition - is built on two things. Respect and trust. Both elements have to be there. And it has to be mutual. You can have respect for someone, but if you don't have trust, the friendship will crumble.
37: 6.3756313: Apart from the excruciating pain, this is great! I've been waiting for a mighty Vault Hunter to help me reach Sanctuary. I will be your wise leader, and you shall be my fearsome minion!
2387: 6.3755407: The black land slid by and he was going into the country among the hills: For the first time in a dozen years the stars were coming out above him, in great processions of wheeling fire. He saw a great juggernaut of stars form in the sky and threaten to roll over and crush him.
2059: 6.3750567: Free to elect who we want. Free to live how we want, and most importantly, free to go wherever we want without the confine of those huge black walls. So with that in mind, I would like to thank everyone for coming to this wonderful event. Let the festival begin.
1651: 6.374737: I used to be frightened of dying. I used to think death was the end. But that was before, I'm not scared anymore. I know that my soul will transcend. I may never find all the answers. I may never understand why. I may never prove what I know to be true. But I know that I still have to try.
1226: 6.3728023: Why do grownups quarrel so easily, so much, and over the most idiotic things? Up till now I thought that only children squabbled and that that wore off as you grew up. Of course, there is sometimes a real reason for a quarrel, but this is just plain bickering.
2340: 6.3689036: His wife was deeply worried about him since this would be his first raid in quite a while. Honestly, even he himself was worried, too. However, now that he listened to Kim's words, he felt like a weight was lifted off his mind.
58: 6.368387: But you saw the Professor's book! They have claws like this, and teeth like this, and they spit fire like this! They sound much more dangerous than Ripto!
85: 6.3651867: You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go.
1514: 6.361133: We gotta do something. Okay, our callbacks are on Thursday, and the basketball game and scholastic decathlon are on Friday. Too bad all of these events weren't happening on the same day, at the same time.
1520: 6.353432: They don't know enough about you, Troy. At my other schools, I was the freaky math girl. It's cool coming here and being anyone I wanna be. When I was singing with you, I just felt like a girl.
830: 6.352806: Ultimately it's a beautiful thing. Like flowers blooming in a lonely field. The petals drift through crossing winds. They find their way to river streams, that scent the water beautifully, it takes me back to you. It takes me back to you.
1795: 6.347195: Oh thank god. You saved my bacon, pal. Where are we going? Is this a jailbreak? Can't see a thing.
1979: 6.346244: In "Beasts of England" we expressed our longing for a better society in days to come. But that society has now been established. Clearly this song has no longer any purpose.
782: 6.345959: Manual shifters are like that. You're not simply pulling a paddle and letting the transmission do all the hard work. The gearbox never does a thing until you command it to do so; you're 100 percent in charge.
2295: 6.3458714: Hikari examines their field of battle. It has been torn asunder, and now looks more a wasteland than ever before. Ripped, ruined all through, like a town in the aftermath of military bombardment. The glass around them is uncountable.
1473: 6.3433313: Kung-fu, hard work over time to accomplish skill. A painter can have kung-fu. Or the butcher who cuts meat every day with such skill his knife never touches bone.
1785: 6.3352365: The bean counters told me we literally could not afford to buy seven dollars' worth of moon rocks, much less seventy million. Bought 'em anyway. Ground 'em up, mixed 'em into a gel.
1364: 6.3319407: Under tremendous public pressure, and the crushing financial burden of an ever mounting series of lawsuits, the government quietly initiated the superhero relocation program. The supers will be granted amnesty from responsibility for past actions, in exchange for the promise to never again resume hero work.
1949: 6.330342: All that year the animals worked like slaves. But they were happy in their work; they grudged no effort or sacrifice, well aware that everything that they did was for the benefit of themselves and those of their kind who would come after them, and not for a pack of idle thieving human beings.
1908: 6.3245673: Many years ago, when I was a little pig, my mother and the other sows used to sing an old song of which they knew only the tune and the first three words. I had known that tune in my infancy, but it had long since passed out of my mind. Last night, however, it came back to me in my dream.
14: 6.3234687: If the Enrichment center is currently being bombarded with fireballs, meteorites, or other objects from space, please avoid unsheltered testing areas wherever a lack of shelter from space-debris does not appear to be a deliberate part of the test.
1221: 6.3214955: Sorry, a trick is nothing but a puzzle mankind came up with. If you use your head, you can uncover the logical answer. It's disappointing. No matter the explanation I think of, I cannot understand why one person would kill another. Even if I can see why, I can't understand why.
1646: 6.32075: Research in psychology has revealed that our decisions are disrupted by an array of biases and irrationalities: We're overconfident. We seek out information that supports us and downplay information that doesn't. We get distracted by short-term emotions.
1743: 6.3193955: The bus was entering the cobbled courtyard of an enormous, gloomy building that seemed to be an old convent in a forest of colossal trees. The passengers, just visible in the dim light of a lamp in the courtyard, sat motionless until the woman with the military air ordered them out of the bus with the kind of primitive directions used in nursery school.
79: 6.3170276: I have come home at last! This is my real country! I belong here. This is the land I have been looking for all my life, though I never knew it till now... Come further up, come further in!
1676: 6.314209: I never wanted to become someone like him. So secure, content to live each day just like the last. I was sure I knew that this was not for me, and I wanted so much more far beyond what I could see. So I swore that I'd never be someone like him.
2097: 6.3137836: Whether you play shooters or rhythm games, or it's another skill like an instrument or sport, it is so important that you analyze your own weaknesses and mistakes and make the most of the time you spend practicing. Twenty minutes of focused practice is so much more productive than an hour of aimless practice.
1409: 6.3136516: Any last noises, Perry the Platypus? You know, that little chirping silly noise that you make? That's the one.
139: 6.3132424: You don't cry when someone pushes you down. You get up. You get up and you fight back. And pretty soon nobody's going to shove you anymore because they'll see it's not worth it.
284: 6.3076468: It was one of those less lowering, but still grey and gloomy enough mornings of the transition, when with a fair wind the ship was rushing through the water with a vindictive sort of leaping and melancholy rapidity, that as I mounted to the deck at the call of the forenoon watch, so soon as I levelled my glance towards the taffrail, foreboding shivers ran over me.
323: 6.3070927: Fifteen there were in all, making themselves merry with feasting and drinking as they sat around a huge pasty, to which each man helped himself, thrusting his hands into the pie, and washing down that which they ate with great horns of ale which they drew all foaming from a barrel that stood nigh.
1166: 6.306841: As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think.
1663: 6.306261: Now we are completely invincible. We are united, power, force of courage. We'll fight just for reality of this world. We never give up and surely raise our swords. Force of courage!
1267: 6.306159: Dear Roxanne, couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd drop you a line. My dad and I are having a great time. We're only days away from L.A., and I can hardly wait for the big concert!
90: 6.3042064: Most winemakers, therefore, and certainly all concerned with high-volume production, choose to speed the process up by intervening with one or more of filtration, centrifugation, flotation, and the much cheaper process of fining, the addition of agents which aid agglomeration and settling of colloids in the must or new wine.
59: 6.302992: My tactical instincts told me the Sorceress would attack you here, so I flew in to help out. It seems my rocket launchers don't affect this creature, but I can assist you by dropping ammunition. Now get in there and fight the good fight!
2140: 6.3000526: Never use margin to buy stock. The one time it's handy, when used responsibly, is as a convenient, low-cost way to make yourself a quick loan while you wait for your next paycheck, or your home sale to settle.
2118: 6.2996554: My poor aunt's figure, however, would have presented astonishing difficulties to any dressmaker. Her skin was yellow as a Mongolian's from constant exposure to a pitiless wind, and to the alkaline water, which transforms the most transparent cuticle into a sort of flexible leather.
2255: 6.2995176: All my life I've been playing with fire. Set me free: that's my only desire. The time has come for me: the time to overcome and do what is right for the world to see - and from the ashes of the dawn I arise.
1257: 6.296664: Tuesday night's plastic corrosion awareness meeting, was I think, a big success. We'd like to thank Mr. Spell for putting that on for us. Thank you Mr. Spell.
1551: 6.2922926: He'll kill you. Or cure you. Or maybe both. You don't have to do it. This is the bit where you get a choice. But when it's over, you'll be all the way something, even if it's just all the way dead.
1045: 6.289362: The great scene of grief, in which the wild infant bore a part had developed all her sympathies; and as her tears fell upon her father's cheek, they were the pledge that she would grow up amid human joy and sorrow, nor forever do battle with the world, but be a woman in it.
264: 6.28877: In this world where time is your enemy, it is my greatest ally. This grand game of life that you think you play in fact plays you. To that I say... Let the games begin!
1202: 6.2846026: Everybody knows that pestilences have a way of recurring in the world; yet somehow we find it hard to believe in ones that crash down on our heads from a blue sky. There have been as many plagues as wars in history; yet always plagues and wars take people equally by surprise.
1995: 6.284505: About this time, too, it was laid down as a rule that when a pig and any other animal met on the path, the other animal must stand aside: and also that all pigs, of whatever degree, were to have the privilege of wearing green ribbons on their tails on Sunday.
1238: 6.2821865: Where the tree leaves dance, one shall find flames. The fire's shadow will illuminate the village... And once again tree leaves shall bud anew.
1471: 6.2820377: If you leave your game, stay safe, stay alert, and whatever you do, don't die! Because if you die outside your own game, you don't regenerate, ever! Game over.
23: 6.2793665: For one trillion years I've been trapped in my own decaying dimension, waiting for a new universe to call my own. Name's Bill! But you can call me your new lord and master for all of eternity!
45: 6.2779593: Leaves from the vine, falling so slow. Like fragile tiny shells, drifting in the foam. Little soldier boy, come marching home. Brave soldier boy, comes marching home.
1829: 6.276272: By completing all test courses, you have achieved Level C security clearance. You may now access all testing courses and three of Aperture Science's 176 restrooms.
1476: 6.2724466: If one does not attach himself to people and desires, never shall his heart be broken. But then, does he ever truly live? I'd rather die a mortal, with a care for someone, than to live as an immortal free from his death.
1813: 6.270876: Some emergency testing may require prolonged interaction with lethal military androids. Rest assured that all lethal military androids have been taught to read, and provided with one copy of the Laws of Robotics.
1060: 6.2686896: Throughout the entire structure well guarded mazes held the clues to the locations of an incredible array of computing power, some of the world's best analytical tools, test equipment, forensic labs, communications facilities and a staff of experts in hundreds of technical specialties required to investigate crimes that landed in their jurisdiction.
1307: 6.266401: Try the demands of raising Rufus as a single parent? Not to mention the pressures of maintaining my image. Okay, so I don't exactly have an image yet; but I'm working on it. And frankly, it's exhausting!
2119: 6.264682: She taught me my scales and exercises, too, on the little parlor organ which her husband had bought her after fifteen years, during which she had not so much as seen any instrument except an accordion, that belonged to one of the Norwegian farm-hands.
2378: 6.2641454: Will I be clean after this? he thought. Is it right that it's me who does it? Yes, it is. I know what I'm doing for what reason and it's right, because I think I'm the right person. I hope and pray I can live up to this.
404: 6.263062: I'm a shooting star leaping through the sky like a tiger defying the laws of gravity. I'm a racing car passing by like Lady Godiva. I'm gonna go, go, go. There's no stopping me.
34: 6.2628336: On Hard, the towers cost more than normal, the bloons move faster, and you have 100 lives. Winning the Hard difficulty awards you a gold medal for that track.
1156: 6.262645: Do not let the hero in your soul perish, in lonely frustration, for the life you deserved but never have been able to reach. Check your road and the nature of your battle. The world you desired can be won. It exists, it is real, it is possible, it is yours.
68: 6.262073: What's going on here? According to my illegal key logging software, you've all been giving out personal information over the Internet. If Hermes were here, he'd fire you all.
2099: 6.2617774: If you're just looking for raw speed, then do all the practice that you can and analyze yourself for areas of improvement. But if you like the idea of rewiring your brain and starting from scratch, then maybe you can find yourself an alternate layout and get good with that.
157: 6.2594457: I was looking for myself and asking everyone except myself questions which I, and only I, could answer. It took me a long time and much painful boomeranging of my expectations to achieve a realization everyone else appears to have been born with: That I am nobody but myself.
1276: 6.258925: What we now want is closer contact and better understanding between individuals and communities all over the earth, and the elimination of egoism and pride which is always prone to plunge the world into primeval barbarism and strife... Peace can only come as a natural consequence of universal enlightenment.
125: 6.2572823: True beauty is what lies inside of us, not what the world sees. A beautiful shell that houses a vile soul becomes sullied over time. But an outer shell, imperfect as it may be, that houses a beautiful soul shines with that beauty, radiating it for all who have eyes to see.
151: 6.256291: Stories are for joining the past to the future. Stories are for those late hours in the night when you can't remember how you got from where you were to where you are. Stories are for eternity, when memory is erased, when there is nothing to remember except the story.
2222: 6.255981: I have been living in this country nine years longer than you have. Do you realize that? Yet I am prevented by law from becoming a citizen. I am prevented by law from owning land. I am now separated from my family without cause...
104: 6.250871: If there really is a complete unified theory that governs everything, it presumably also determines your actions. But it does so in a way that is impossible to calculate for an organism that is as complicated as a human being. The reason we say that humans have free will is because we can't predict what they will do.
106: 6.250871: If there really is a complete unified theory that governs everything, it presumably also determines your actions. But it does so in a way that is impossible to calculate for an organism that is as complicated as a human being. The reason we say that humans have free will is because we can't predict what they will do.
2162: 6.250717: This, for Morrie, was a blessing. He hated the place. He made another vow that he kept to the end of his life: he would never do any work that exploited someone else, and he would never allow himself to make money off the sweat of others.
1605: 6.2496595: But one day, someone will journey beyond our reef, find Maui, deliver him across the great ocean to restore the heart of Te Fiti. I was there that day. The ocean chose you.
1639: 6.248891: You shouldn't have come back, cowboy. They've cracked down hard since you left. More guards, more patrols. You and your friends ain't ever getting out of here now.
1040: 6.2484336: Military preparations must be preceded by so many tedious discussions, arising from the jealousies, pride, separate views, and clashing pretensions of sovereign bodies, that before the diet can settle the arrangements, the enemy are in the field; and before the federal troops are ready to take it, are retiring into winter quarters.
2315: 6.245884: This cosmic dance of bursting decadence and withheld permissions twists all our arms collectively, but if sweetness can win, and it can, then I'll still be here tomorrow to high-five you yesterday, my friend. Peace.
1426: 6.244615: Ooh, extra points for recycling. The girls' score is now the square root of pi while the boys still have a crudely-drawn picture of a duck. Clearly it's still anyone's game.
2165: 6.2434225: You realize that, especially when you're in a time like I am, when you're not doing so well. Friends are great, but friends are not going to be here on a night when you're coughing and can't sleep and someone has to sit up all night with you, comfort you and try to be helpful.
2362: 6.243107: What happened to you? "I'm not sure. I tried to buy some tacos and wound up getting paid twenty dollars to swim in a vat of Mountain Dew."
2167: 6.2421403: We never know how high we are till we are called to rise; and then, if we are true to plan, our statures touch the skies - the Heroism we recite would be a daily thing, did not ourselves the Cubits warp for fear to be a king.
1359: 6.240468: Can we talk? You always say be true to yourself, but you never say which part of yourself to be true to. Well, I've finally figured out who I am. I am your ward... IncrediBoy!
1642: 6.239284: Everyone, listen! Sunnyside could be cool and groovy if we treated each other fair. It's Lotso. He's made us into a pyramid, and he put himself on top!
2314: 6.2380767: Whether you are running on a treadmill or doing a set of push-ups, get to the point where you are so tired and in pain that your mind is begging you to stop. Then push just 5 to 10 percent further.
153: 6.237108: It's been a hard day's night, and I've been working like a dog. It's been a hard day's night, I should be sleeping like a log. But when I get home to you I'll find the things that you do, will make me feel alright.
2270: 6.2367625: Extreme temperatures and treacherous weather events make life outside the cities of Arrakis truly hostile. With sandstorms powerful enough to cut through the metal, only the native tribes known as the Fremen have adapted well enough to survive.
2028: 6.2313824: The sea is emotion incarnate. It loves, hates, and weeps. It defies all attempts to capture it with words and rejects all shackles. No matter what you say about it, there is always that which you can't.
397: 6.2290936: Engage people with what they expect; it is what they are able to discern and confirms their projections. It settles them into predictable patterns of response, occupying their minds while you wait for the extraordinary moment - that which they cannot anticipate.
1112: 6.2284575: Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are gods.
1305: 6.2279544: You know, just because you saved us doesn't mean you're not still, you know, you. But it would really stink if that jerk had turned us into mutants. And you were kinda brave, and all.
1400: 6.227744: Okay, Candace, this is your beauty shot. The curse has been lifted, and you're no longer a monster. Now this scene is all about what the heart wants, but the mind can't have.
2358: 6.224704: According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway, because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
1151: 6.2219753: I think the idea is that every person has to live for his or her own life and then make the choice to share it with other people. Maybe that is what makes people "participate."
1950: 6.2197814: But the problem the animals could not at first solve was how to break up the stone into pieces of suitable size. There seemed no way of doing this except with picks and crowbars, which no animal could use, because no animal could stand on his hind legs.
1760: 6.212413: Like the name implies, case expressions are, well, expressions, much like if/else expressions and let bindings. Not only can we evaluate expressions based on the possible cases of the value of a variable, we can also do pattern matching.
1420: 6.2098927: Well, that sounds charming, boys, but I haven't played drums since the accident. Fell asleep in a metronome factory, when I awoke I completely lost my sense of rhythm. I've been hanging out here ever since.
1268: 6.2091913: Oh, there will be plenty of time for parties when you're older, Maxie. Why, when I was your age, I've never even been invited to a party. Look at me, now!
128: 6.205327: People, I have discovered, are layers and layers of secrets. You believe you know them, that you understand them, but their motives are always hidden from you, buried in their own hearts. You will never know them, but sometimes you decide to trust them.
1777: 6.199173: Well done. Here come the test results: You are a horrible person. I'm serious, that's what it says: A horrible person. We weren't even testing for that.
1857: 6.1980505: The Babel fish is small, yellow and leech-like, and probably the oddest thing in the Universe. It feeds on brainwave energy received not from its own carrier but from those around it.
2: 6.197961: As long as these Pants are Square, and this Sponge is Bob, I will not let Bikini Bottom down!
1301: 6.1958337: Good afternoon. As a student, I created these games as a friendly competition. But be prepared... to take home the trophy, you must be the most fearsome monsters on campus. Good luck, and may the best monsters win.
1817: 6.194361: These bridges are made from natural light that I pump in from the surface. If you rubbed your cheek on one, it would be like standing outside with the sun shining on your face. It would also set your hair on fire, so don't actually do it.
1200: 6.19422: Some lies can lead the world to hope... Some truths can lead the world to despair... So I don't think anyone can really say which is more right in the end.
2049: 6.1917667: I have seen the oppression of my people in Egypt and have heard their cry. So I have come down to deliver them out of slavery and bring them to a good land; a land flowing with milk and honey. And so onto Pharaoh I shall send you.
1807: 6.18211: To maintain a constant testing cycle, I simulate daylight at all hours, and add adrenal vapor to your oxygen supply. So you may be confused about the passage of time. The point is, yesterday was your birthday. I thought you'd want to know.
947: 6.1814814: This much is all I ask of my accusers: when my sons grow up, avenge yourselves by causing them the same kind of grief that I caused you, if you think they care for money or anything else more than they care for virtue, or if they think they are somebody when they are nobody.
2014: 6.178834: Twelve voices were shouting in anger, and they were all alike. No question, now, what had happened to the faces of the pigs. The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again: but already it was impossible to say which was which.
138: 6.176177: In fact, I've essentially given up on the idea of flight altogether and accepted that I'm going to be an angel-blood who stays earthbound, a flightless bird, like an ostrich. Maybe, or in this weather, a penguin.
1905: 6.172462: And remember, comrades, your resolution must never falter. No argument must lead you astray. Never listen when they tell you that Man and the animals have a common interest, that the prosperity of the one is the prosperity of the others. It is all lies.
252: 6.1709137: Mankind is the animal that makes tools. In each generation, only a few people get a chance to create new tools. Very, very few get to contribute to making a tool that changes the lives of first hundreds, then thousands, then tens of thousands, and someday millions of people.
2160: 6.167394: Life is a series of pulls back and forth. You want to do one thing, but you are bound to do something else. Something hurts you, yet you know it shouldn't. You take certain things for granted, even when you know you should never take anything for granted.
1495: 6.1666627: No time to talk. Now, remember, it's your first day of training, so listen to your teacher and no fighting, play nice with the other kids, unless, of course, the other kids want to fight, then you gotta kick the other kid's butt.
1683: 6.164481: The trial of Socrates took place in 399 BC when he was nearly seventy. The charges were that he refused to recognize the official gods of the state, that he introduced new gods and that he corrupted the young.
887: 6.1614513: You'll be happy to know that bees, as a species, haven't had one day off in 27 million years. So you'll just work us to death? We'll sure try.
1645: 6.159013: In the ancient accounts of the Pythagoreans, it is impossible to distinguish Pythagoras' own thoughts from those of his followers. This is largely because of the members of the religious cults or brotherhoods inspired by Pythagoras regarded it as only proper to attribute anything they came up with to the master himself.
94: 6.1585455: I don't like loud noises and people making a fuss and I especially don't like people celebrating because they know a piece of private information about me. Plus, the whole thing is a scam. Birthdays were invented by Hallmark to sell cards.
1180: 6.1533465: Greetings, fellow humans! Human fellas! I sure do like hanging out with other humans, and talking about things like money... and starting wars!
1311: 6.150863: Whoa. I may have done a tiny bit of rephrasing but, come on; you'd think a crime-fighting cheerleader would give a more interesting interview. The paper liked my story so much, they're giving me a column!
1339: 6.149467: Man, Arnold. I can't believe it. Your last day of detention, and you're completely innocent. If you finish off the day and don't snitch on those other guys, this is gonna go on your permanent record.
2347: 6.1486497: There must've been some sort of mechanism installed on the heavy-looking door, since the physical strength of a 67-year-old man was enough to easily open it.
161: 6.135867: I wish that strife would vanish away from among gods and mortals, and gall, which makes a man grow angry for all his great mind, that gall of anger that swarms like smoke inside of a man's heart and becomes a thing sweeter to him by far than the dripping of honey.
1798: 6.134881: Most test subjects do experience some cognitive deterioration after a few months in suspension. Now you've been under for... quite a lot longer, and it's not out of the question that you might have a very minor case of serious brain damage.
1936: 6.1338434: A thought struck Clover. Without saying anything to the others she went to Mollie's stall and turned over the straw with her hoof. Hidden under the straw was a little pile of lump sugar and several bunches of ribbon of different colours.
248: 6.1336684: When I despair, I remember that all through history the way of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they can seem invincible, but in the end, they always fall. Think of it - always.
222: 6.1324825: Complements are usually goods that in some sense are consumed together: computers and software, cookies and milk, cars and gasoline. Because consumers like to consume a good and its complement together, a change in the price of one of the goods will affect the demand for its complement.
1459: 6.1280937: I'm from New York in the year 3145. I have a psychic link with a spider who lives inside my father's robot. And we're best friends, forever.
1772: 6.1275797: If a function can't change anything in the world, how is it supposed to tell us what it calculated? In order to tell us what it calculated, it has to change the state of an output device, which then emits photons that travel to our brain and change the state of our mind, man.
1715: 6.126342: Wagon of governance that drives the world with wheel and axle joined together, will have a smooth path without obstacles if wagoner is skillful; if he's inept in driving, it will get mired in slush of enmity daily, bringing more and more misery.
282: 6.125924: But all we said, not a word could we drag out of him; I almost felt like pushing him over, so as to change his position, for it was almost intolerable, it seemed so painfully and unnaturally constrained; especially, as in all probability he had been sitting so for upwards of eight or ten hours, going too without his regular meals.
1762: 6.125124: Because Haskell supports infinite lists, our recursion doesn't really have to have an edge condition. But if it doesn't have it, it will either keep churning at something infinitely or produce an infinite data structure, like an infinite list.
191: 6.1250534: When colors mix they become muddy and messy. But when they all blend together, the final result is the color that wins against all others... Black!
1630: 6.123604: Woody, don't be mad at Jessie. She's been through more than you know. Why not make amends before you leave, huh? It's the least you can do.
118: 6.1217637: Our purpose on this earth is not one single event, an accomplishment we can check off a list. There is no test. No passing or failing. There's only us, each moment shaping who we are, into what we will become.
2070: 6.1151094: Can you hear the whispers all across the room? You feel her eyes all over you like cheap perfume. You're beautiful, but misunderstood - so why you're tryna' be just like the neighborhood?
1552: 6.111665: 1273 down the Rockefeller street, life is marchin' on, do you feel that? 1273 down the Rockefeller street, everything is more than surreal.
1454: 6.109066: Yeah, I got plenty. Disinfect the mask. You're going to want to use baby powder in the suit, heavy on the joints. You don't want any chafing, right?
122: 6.107576: Just remember who you are... The world will try to change you into someone else. Don't let them. That's the best advice anyone can give you.
1462: 6.107156: There are bad ways to win, and good ways to lose. What's interesting and troubling is that it's not always clear which is which. A flipped coin doesn't always land on heads or tails. Sometimes it may never land at all.
207: 6.0980906: Overconfidence leads to hubris, while too much humility results in servility. So from now, I want you to keep walking like you did until now, keeping your feet firmly planted on the ground. I'm looking forward to your next performance.
2373: 6.097937: Supernovae can expel several solar masses of material at speeds up to several percent of the speed of light. This drives expanding shock wave into the surrounding interstellar medium, sweeping up an expanding shell of gas and dust observed as a supernova remnant.
666: 6.097485: Then they were all formally doomed, and some of them were supported out, and some of them sauntered out with a haggard look of bravery, and a few nodded to the gallery, and two or three shook hands, and others went out chewing the fragments of herb they had taken from the sweet herbs lying about.
2067: 6.0917783: It is said that in breathing, man recapitulates the rhythm of the universe. When the mind is fastened to the rhythm of breathing, it tends to become absorbed and calm. Whether on or off the court, I know of no better way to begin to deal with anxiety than to place the mind on one's breathing process.
1456: 6.0893426: Aim with your hips! Look where you want it to hit. Square your shoulders. Don't forget to follow through! Don't shoot off your back foot.
2133: 6.088674: If someone is waxing philosophical about the market, you can say: "The great mistake made by the public is paying attention to prices instead of values."
960: 6.087116: You just do what you need to do. Just keep moving forward. It's all we can do. You're going to exterminate every last Titan, right? I know you can do it.
569: 6.087008: Such things naturally left on the surface, for the time, a chill which we vociferously denied that we felt; and we had, all three, with repetition, got into such splendid training that we went, each time, almost automatically, to mark the close of the incident, through the very same movements.
910: 6.0862107: Most bee jobs are small ones. But bees know that every small job, if it's done well, means a lot. But choose carefully because you'll stay in the job you pick for the rest of your life.
1774: 6.08615: A monoid is when you have an associative binary function and a value which acts as an identity with respect to that function. When something acts as an identity with respect to a function, it means that when called with that function and some other value, the result is always equal to that other value.
1560: 6.0821033: Destiny has cheated me by forcing me to decide upon, the woman that I idolize, or the hands of an automaton. Without these hands I can't complete the opera that was captivating her, but if I keep them, and she marries him, then he probably won't want me dating her.
216: 6.07569: Remember this. Hold on to this. This is the only perfection there is, the perfection of helping others. This is the only thing we can do that has any lasting meaning. This is why we're here. To make each other feel safe.
1866: 6.0753636: If I should leave this lonely world behind, your voice will still remember our melody. Now I know we'll carry on. Melodies of life, come circle round and grow deep in our hearts, as long as we remember.
1035: 6.074407: To reveal who he really was would even at this date set the country in a blaze; but as those who read between the lines must already have guessed, he had been at a famous public school; and its traditions still clung to him like garments, with which indeed they are largely concerned.
2123: 6.071345: I heard a quick-drawn breath, and turned to my aunt. Her eyes were closed, but the tears were glistening on her cheeks, and I think in a moment they were in my eyes as well. It never really dies, then, the soul?
1058: 6.071088: The boy didn't like this speech, for it sounded like a threat; but he happened to remember he had nuts in his pocket, so he cracked some of those and ate them while the woman rose, shook the crumbs from her apron, and hung above the fire a small black kettle.
305: 6.071088: The boy didn't like this speech, for it sounded like a threat; but he happened to remember he had nuts in his pocket, so he cracked some of those and ate them while the woman rose, shook the crumbs from her apron, and hung above the fire a small black kettle.
1322: 6.0709863: I know I'm going to regret saying this, but you may have finally achieved "so dumb it just might work."
1360: 6.0658026: This is because I don't have powers, isn't it? Well not every superhero has powers, you know. You can be super without them. I invented these. I can fly. Can you fly?
400: 6.065241: Do you smell it? That smell. A kind of smelly smell. The smelly smell that smells... smelly.
1536: 6.063059: My pride, my ego, my needs, and my selfish ways, caused a good strong woman like you to walk out my life. Now I'll never, never get to clean up the mess I made and it haunts me every time I close my eyes.
1679: 6.0619183: Subconscious strange sensation, unconscious relaxation. What a pleasant nightmare and I can't wait to get there again. Every time I close my eyes there's another vivid surprise. Another whole life waiting, chapters unfinished fading.
1115: 6.061664: We should strive to welcome change and challenges, because they are what help us grow. Without them, we grow weak like the Eloi in comfort and security. We need to constantly be challenging ourselves in order to strengthen our character and increase our intelligence.
1493: 6.0609694: The Huns have struck here, here, and here. I will take the main troops up to the Tung Chow Pass and stop Shan Yu before he destroys this village.
142: 6.0601077: Don't you know I'm still standing better than I ever did. Looking like a true survivor, feeling like a little kid. I'm still standing after all this time. Picking up the pieces of my life without you on my mind.
1594: 6.054303: I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times.
1750: 6.0540767: In most imperative languages functions are called by writing the function name and then writing its parameters in parentheses, usually separated by commas. In Haskell, functions are called by writing the function name, a space and then the parameters, separated by spaces.
1990: 6.0529804: Slowly they began to limp back towards the farm. The sight of their dead comrades stretched upon the grass moved some of them to tears. And for a little while they halted in sorrowful silence at the place where the windmill once stood.
1649: 6.0527024: Where did we come from? Why are we here? Where do we go when we die? What lies beyond, and what lay before? Is anything certain in life?
100: 6.0506253: You choose a thankless job. You can't be upset when nobody thanks you. Don't start chasing applause and acclaim. That way lies madness.
618: 6.0496287: The result was twofold: the first and most obvious being a sore back for the horses, and the second being that the horses became so accustomed to a continual tattoo to encourage them to improve their pace, that, with a rider unaccustomed to that method, they lagged most annoyingly.
594: 6.0485888: The scholars were hurried through their lessons without stopping at trifles; those who were nimble skipped over half with impunity, and those who were tardy had a smart application now and then in the rear, to quicken their speed or help them over a tall word.
2351: 6.0469275: In a village of La Mancha, the name of which I have no desire to call mine, there lived not long since one of those gentlemen that keep a lance in the lance-rack, an old buckler, a lean hack, and a greyhound for coursing.
1464: 6.045866: I was lucky enough to have a friend. A friend who dragged me out of the darkness and showed me I was wrong. He put every emotion he had right into his Beyblade, and he used every bit of that strength to show me exactly what true strength was, and true resonance.
275: 6.0453176: When he had got out on the shed he put his head in again, and cussed me for putting on frills and trying to be better than him; and when I reckoned he was gone he come back and put his head in again, and told me to mind about that school, because he was going to lay for me and lick me if I didn't drop that.
1593: 6.044046: If you always put limits on everything you do, physical or anything else, it will spread into your work and into your life. There are no limits. There are only plateaus, and you must not stay there, you must go beyond them.
1049: 6.043543: I have often felt that programming is an art form, whose real value can only be appreciated by another versed in the same arcane art; there are lovely gems and brilliant coups hidden from human view and admiration, sometimes forever, by the very nature of the process.
1152: 6.038194: Sam and Patrick looked at me. And I looked at them. And I think they knew. Not anything specific really. They just knew. And I think that's all you can ever ask from a friend.
1046: 6.027132: So strangely did they meet in the dim wood that it was like the first encounter in the world beyond the grave of two spirits who had been intimately connected in their former life, but now stood coldly shuddering in mutual dread, as not yet familiar with their state, nor wonted to the companionship of disembodied beings.
2254: 6.026888: Eggman, I am going to save this planet, and I am going to free these aliens! No copyright law in the universe is going to stop me! We can save a lot of time and broken robots if you just quit now!
242: 6.0253778: I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.
407: 6.0252237: Mr. Putnam, I have here an accusation by Mr. Corey against you. He states that you coldly prompted your daughter to cry witchery upon George Jacobs that is now in jail.
2394: 6.024373: [In outer space,] you develop an instant global consciousness, a people orientation, an intense dissatisfaction with the state of the world, and a compulsion to do something about it.
84: 6.0241947: There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to get out again.
2013: 6.0240874: There were shoutings, bangings on the table, sharp suspicious glances, furious denials. The source of the trouble appeared to be that Napoleon and Mr. Pilkington had each played an ace of spades simultaneously.
393: 6.0237885: Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus.
204: 6.02347: If it was an average pitcher, he would have given up long before, even so he wasn't bothered by his team's errors, continued to carry his team with relentless pitching. On his back... I feel like I saw a true ace.
1916: 6.0205555: Then they made a tour of inspection of the whole farm and surveyed with speechless admiration the ploughland, the hayfield, the orchard, the pool, the spinney. It was as though they had never seen these things before, and even now they could hardly believe that it was all their own.
957: 6.0181437: To be successful in sport is not a chance. It's a choice. If you want to be successful you need to choose. But to choose well, you must know who you are, and what you stand for. Where you want to go, and why you want to get there.
1752: 6.015077: In Haskell, lists are a homogenous data structure. It stores several elements of the same type. That means that we can have a list of integers or a list of characters but we can't have a list that has a few integers and then a few characters.
849: 6.01438: It is always interesting to watch people working, especially when they work with such interesting things as spades and picks and shovels and planks and barrows, when they have cindery red fires in iron pots with round holes in them, and red lamps hanging near the works at night.
1475: 6.01376: But do not name it, my friend, for it is like water. Nothing is softer than water, yet it can overcome rock. It does not fight. It flows around the opponent, formless, nameless.
1702: 6.0129027: I was your starry-eyed lover and the one that you saw, I was your hurricane rider and the woman you call. We were just two moonshiners on the cusp of a breath and I've been burning for you, baby, since the minute I left.
158: 6.011513: Perhaps simple to be known, to be looked upon by so many people, to be the focal point of so many concentrating eyes, perhaps this was enough to make one different; enough to transform one into something else, someone else; just as by becoming an increasingly larger boy one became one day a man.
1406: 6.0058517: Go ahead. Eat all you want. My dreams are smashed to pieces and all you can think about is food. But just remember, Gaston said that I will always be his cou de crayon.
1764: 6.00568: If we call a function with too few parameters, we get back a partially applied function, meaning a function that takes as many parameters as we left out. Using partial application is a neat way to create functions on the fly so we can pass them to another function or to seed them with some data.
1041: 6.0027633: Marie sat sewing or crocheting and tried to take a friendly interest in the game, but she was always thinking about the wide fields outside, where the snow was drifting over the fences; and about the orchard, where the snow was falling and packing, crust over crust.
1632: 6.0004935: Your choice, Woody. You can go to Japan together or in pieces. If he fixed ya once, he can fix ya again! Now, get in the box!
726: 5.9984674: After so much careful work, it does seem as if not one pen out of a thousand could be faulty; but every one has to be carefully examined to make sure that the cutting, piercing, marking, forming, tempering, grinding, and slitting, are just what they should be.
1032: 5.993748: He had hoped to fly, keeping not far from the ground so that nothing unwonted should escape his eyes; but in that fitful light to have flown low would have meant trailing his shadow through the trees, thus disturbing birds and acquainting a watchful foe that he was astir.
152: 5.9920764: Life is like a tray of fruits. Some fruits are sour, others are sweet. Some fruits are ripe, and other fruits are rotten. Never expect the best out of what you get.
1693: 5.988309: A mathematician's patterns, like the painter's or the poet's, must be beautiful; the ideas, like the colors or the words, must fit together in a harmonious way. Beauty is the first test; there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics.
1932: 5.986988: All the men were gone except one. Back in the yard Boxer was pawing with his hoof at the stable-lad who lay face down in the mud, trying to turn him over. The boy did not stir.
2203: 5.9864807: We know this is a dangerous test - for some fail as extraordinarily as others pass. It is a gamble, risky and promising. It may pay off in unmet eyes or a curious state, surly dismissals or a question, dialogue or bruises.
1425: 5.986469: You spend your whole life stuck in the labyrinth, thinking about how you'll escape it one day, and how awesome it will be, and imagining that future keeps you going, but you never do it. You just use the future to escape the present.
1383: 5.9842544: Behold, the Underminer! I am always beneath you, but nothing is beneath me! I hereby declare war on peace and happiness. Soon all will tremble... before ME!
1043: 5.981114: We learn that it is not the rays which bodies absorb, but those which they reject, that give them the colours they are known by; and in the same way people are specialized by their dislikes and antagonisms, whilst their goodwill is looked upon as no attribute at all.
1054: 5.980515: If someone is turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it, he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the screen, he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.
920: 5.9743433: And so you're back from outer space. I just walked in to find you here with that sad look upon your face. I should have changed that stupid lock. I should have made you leave your key if I had known for just one second you'd be back to bother me.
1348: 5.969252: Carefully matching every child to their ideal monster, to produce superior scream refined into clean, dependable energy. Every time you turn something on Monsters, Incorporated, is there.
788: 5.9686875: Some old people keep young at heart in spite of wrinkles and gray hairs, can sympathize with children's little cares and joys, make them feel at home, and can hide wise lessons under pleasant plays, giving and receiving friendship in the sweetest way.
1081: 5.964508: Now I'm twenty-six and I work in an office. Nine till five's not the best, I'll be honest. If I could change a single thing I'd make it me and not him.
2022: 5.964262: You were wrong on two counts. Even the hardest substance can be broken, when crashed into it. And the ability to feel pain is not a weakness. It's a strength. Pain tells a creature, its vulnerabilities.
1146: 5.9627757: It's just that I don't want to be somebody's crush. If somebody likes me, I want them to like the real me, not what they think I am. And I don't want them to carry it around inside. I want them to show me, so I can feel it too.
851: 5.9553556: She just ate with her fingers, and as the first dish was a great tray of boiled corn, and meat and raisins all mixed up together, and melted fat poured all over the tray, it was found difficult to follow her example with anything like what we are used to think of as good table manners.
1150: 5.953965: It's just hard to see a friend hurt this much. Especially when you can't do anything except 'be there'. I just want to make him stop hurting, but I can't. So I just follow him around whenever he wants to show me his world.
50: 5.946693: I've seen rain on the Mississippi delta. I've seen the sun rise on Baton Rouge. But of all the things these eyes have seen, baby nothing compares to you.
2304: 5.9453287: I think I expected it to go somewhere. You can't find out there's a person living right next to you and then never get any answers. Maybe if you're one hundred years old and you know everybody, but not when you're three.
446: 5.9441977: Cynicism is the only form in which base souls approach what is called honesty; and the higher man must open his ears to all the coarser or finer cynicism, and congratulate himself when the clown becomes shameless right before him, or the scientific satyr speaks out.
33: 5.9440055: When there is evil in this world that justice cannot defeat, would you taint your hands with evil to defeat evil? Or would you remain steadfast and righteous, even if it means surrendering to evil?
1925: 5.9435835: We pigs are brainworkers. The whole management and organization of this farm depend on us. Day and night we are watching over your welfare. It is for your sake that we drink that milk and eat those apples.
2364: 5.941497: Sweetie, there's no monster in your closet! Look, it's just your clothes and toys. Make sure you stay tucked in bed. It could be anywhere by now.
1610: 5.941414: Maybe the gods found you for a reason. Maybe the ocean brought you to them because it saw someone who was worthy of being saved. But the gods aren't the ones who made you Maui. You are.
1510: 5.941029: Now, maybe I'll take a trip around the world and find myself a beautiful, gorgeous girl. They say when you look, one never finds. They also say that love is blind.
38: 5.9405556: It's been a long day without you, my friend and I'll tell you all about it when I see you again. We've come a long way from where we began. Oh I'll tell you all about it when I see you again.
2058: 5.939969: The sun rises today and sets again. A flower bloomed in the morning, falls from its stem. The sun sets today and rises again. Flowers bloom to fill the land, but not the flowers of yesterday.
1048: 5.938814: Whenever that look appeared in her wild, bright, deeply black eyes, it invested her with a strange remoteness and intangibility: it was as if she were hovering in the air, and might vanish, like a glimmering light that comes we know not whence and goes we know not whither.
901: 5.937161: I'm so busy got nothing to do. Spent the last two hours just tying my shoe. Every flower, every grain of sand is reaching out to shake my hand. It's the best day ever.
1253: 5.932842: She froze my heart and only an act of true love can save me. A true love's kiss. Oh, Anna. If only there was someone out there who loved you.
1096: 5.92975: No, you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skyler. I am the danger. A guy opens his door and gets shot and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks!
2073: 5.928206: I'm not really sure what makes a book a "classic" to begin with, but I think it has to be at least fifty years old and some person or animal has to die at the end.
1377: 5.9279346: What do you think is going on here? You think we're on vacation or something? Mom and Dad's lives could be in jeopardy. Or worse, their marriage.
2076: 5.9264383: In this world, there is only good and evil. That was the first universal truth I grasped from observing the world around me when I was a child. Every human being without exception ends up falling into one category or the other.
173: 5.9224777: I'm so glad you came, I'm so glad you remembered to see how we're ending our last dance together. Reluctantly, cautiously, but prettier than ever - I really believe that this time it's forever.
2208: 5.920613: When teams struggle to innovate it's often because they neglect to look outside their organization for inspiration. Unlike competitive research, analogies push teams to consider radically different industries and offerings to apply a fresh perspective on a familiar challenge.
644: 5.9205146: So furious had been the gusts, that high buildings in town had had the lead stripped off their roofs; and in the country, trees had been torn up, and sails of windmills carried away; and gloomy accounts had come in from the coast, of shipwreck and death.
2072: 5.9197555: I'm known as the siren of all seven seas, the breaker of hearts by the bay! So if you go swimming with bow-legged women, I might steal your weak heart away!
259: 5.914074: We're not kids anymore. There's no such thing as good guys or bad guys. There's just people, goin' about their lives.
2225: 5.9111085: How long I've waited to see that day - everyday, but a moment away; In Heaven where all my dreams come true, I live to see my dream come true.
1332: 5.907501: Yeah, you know how it is when you lose one of your senses. The others just kind of kick into overdrive. Speaking of which, you might want to try a stronger deodorant, football-head.
1499: 5.9032397: Maybe I didn't go for my father. Maybe what I really wanted was to prove that I could do things right. So that when I looked in the mirror, I'd see someone worthwhile. But I was wrong. I see nothing.
2342: 5.90123: The interior of the hidden, cave-like passage was dark and nothing could be seen. Mister Song activated his specialty, flame magic, and tossed it further forward into the passage.
1997: 5.9010735: In April, Animal Farm was proclaimed a Republic, and it became necessary to elect a President. There was only one candidate, Napoleon, who was elected unanimously.
2327: 5.900721: Changes that seem small and unimportant at first will compound into remarkable results if you're willing to stick with them for years. We all deal with setbacks but in the long run, the quality of our lives often depends on the quality of our habits.
2228: 5.8996444: He brought back chunks of driftwood, and he would pass long hours sitting on the steps carving myrtle limbs into benches, table legs, and lamps, filling our rooms with bits of gnarled, polished furniture.
977: 5.894325: If you feel yourself hitting up against your limit remember for what cause you clench your fists... remember why you started down this path, and let that memory carry you beyond your limit.
1960: 5.894167: We will teach this miserable traitor that he cannot undo our work so easily. Remember comrades, there must be no alteration in our plans: they shall be carried out to the day. Forward, comrades!
1059: 5.8937216: The sublime, light blue walls and specially fitted blue tint light bulbs added a calming influence to the constant urgency that drove the computer operators who pushed buttons, changed tapes and stared at the dozens of amber screens on the computers.
2303: 5.8932824: This is not what I'd been trying to accomplish. I didn't even realize it was possible. That's the scary thing about decisions: you don't know what they are when you're making them.
1131: 5.8931994: You're going to come across people in your life who will say all the right words at all the right times. But in the end, it's always their actions you should judge them by. It's actions, not words, that matter.
1321: 5.891872: Ah, quite right Shego! Time for us to escape and seal the pathways leaving Kim Possible and Company trapped forever!
1234: 5.8888836: Research shows that there is only half as much variation in student achievement between schools as there is among classrooms in the same school. If you want your child to get the best education possible, it is actually more important to get him assigned to a great teacher than to a great school.
2287: 5.8880687: The Hero of Ages shall be not a man, but a force. No nation may claim him, no woman shall keep him, and no king may slay him. He shall belong to none, not even himself.
2250: 5.88615: So let us begin anew - remembering on both sides that civility is not a sign of weakness, and sincerity is always subject to proof. Let us never negotiate out of fear. But let us never fear to negotiate.
1821: 5.8805747: You know what I have too many of around here? Monitors. I was just thinking earlier today I wish I had fewer monitors that were working. So you're actually helping me by smashing them.
1648: 5.8788033: SCP-049 is a humanoid entity, roughly 1.9 meters in height, which bears the appearance of a medieval plague doctor.
1549: 5.8786426: Get down! We all let you know this time. Can you bring me down? Back up, get far of the sky. Black rover!
1082: 5.877931: When you're a flightless bird with wings, sometimes the humour of a bitter god just loses all its novelty. So now you get too drunk to sleep, you spend the night driving with one eye closed to keep the lines from doubling.
1050: 5.8773074: The relative execution times of instructions on a machine are usually discussed in clocks rather than absolute fractions of a second; one good reason for this is that clock speeds for various models of the machine may increase as technology improves, and it is usually the relative times one is interested in when discussing the instruction set.
1223: 5.875194: To cure it of sorrow would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private task. We cannot interfere. Sometimes when they are deep in dreams, I want to tell them, they are building true worlds in reality.
2214: 5.87306: Lily was a little girl afraid of the big, wide world. She grew up within her castle walls. Now and then she tried to run, and then on the night with the setting sun, she went in the woods away so afraid, all alone.
234: 5.8700466: They followed Saphira's directions and found her drinking from a stream at the base of a small cliff, the elf still slouched on her back. Saphira greeted them with a soft bugle as Eragon dismounted.
183: 5.8688498: People always make the mistake of thinking art is created for them. But really, art is a private language for sophisticates to congratulate themselves on their superiority to the rest of the world. As my artist's statement explains, my work is utterly incomprehensible and is therefore full of deep significance.
1484: 5.8631496: Rapunzel, look in that mirror. You know what I see? I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady... Oh look, you're here too!
741: 5.861763: Lime and sometimes soda are put with them to cleanse them and remove the coloring material; but when they are poured out, they look anything but clean, for they are of a particularly dirty brown; and the water that is drained away from them looks even more uninteresting.
1051: 5.8597903: A person of merely average analytical intelligence who has this trait can become an effective hacker, but a creative genius who lacks it will swiftly find himself outdistanced by people who routinely upload the contents of thick reference manuals into their brains.
2012: 5.8597507: I will give you the same toast as before, but in a different form. Fill your glasses to the brim. Gentlemen, here is my toast: To the prosperity of The Manor Farm!
1627: 5.8563313: Alright, come here. Come on. Let me see that. Oh, it's just a popped seam. Easily repaired. You should consider yourself lucky.
2331: 5.855348: Meanwhile, improving by one percent isn't particularly notable - sometimes it isn't even noticeable - but it can be far more meaningful, especially in the long run. The difference a tiny improvement can make over time is astounding.
602: 5.852946: Apparently there had been some appalling act of justice recently inflicted, for his scholars were all busily intent upon their books, or slyly whispering behind them with one eye kept upon the master; and a kind of buzzing stillness reigned throughout the schoolroom.
1390: 5.85201: I'm starting with the man in the mirror. I'm asking him to change his ways. And no message could have been any clearer. If you wanna make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and then make a change.
900: 5.8510346: Mr. Sun came up and he smiled at me. Said it's gonna be a good one just wait and see. Jumped out of bed, and I ran outside feeling so extra ecstatified. It's the best day ever.
921: 5.8508983: It took all the strength I had not to fall apart. Kept trying hard to mend the pieces of my broken heart. And I spent, oh, so many nights just feeling sorry for myself. I used to cry but now I hold my head up high.
2328: 5.8491063: Maybe there are people who can achieve incredible success overnight but I don't know any of them. It is a gradual evolution, a long series of small wins and tiny breakthroughs. The only way we make progress is to start small.
1814: 5.848654: Now, maybe you don't have any tumors. Well, don't worry. If you sat on a folding chair in the lobby and weren't wearing lead underpants, we took care of that too.
1165: 5.8476214: It's a rare day when she speaks in anything but platitudes - all those exhausted phrases and hand-me-down ideas that cram the dump sites of contemporary wisdom.
1759: 5.8452563: A guard is basically a boolean expression. If it evaluates to True, then the corresponding function body is used. If it evaluates to False, checking drops through to the next guard and so on.
914: 5.844744: Exactly what you run from, you end up chasing. Like, you can't avoid, but just chasing it and just like trying. Giving it everything that you can. There's always an obstacle.
2112: 5.8415227: No one on earth ever had a greater chance for glory. The world to be won and nothing to be lost. It is thrilling to think - to know that for any act of mine, I shall get twice as much praise or twice as much blame.
2143: 5.841334: She asked a ticket clerk, who gave her an 800 number to call. The clerk pointed the frantic young mother to a pay telephone. A stranger's voice at the other end delivered the horrible news.
1944: 5.837263: He was running as only a pig can run, but the dogs were close on his heels. Suddenly he slipped and it seemed certain that they had him. Then he was up again, running faster than ever, then the dogs were gaining on him again.
905: 5.8347983: And that's why I turned one of your pistols into a banana. It's your last meal. Take your time... enjoy it.
1574: 5.832649: I mean, we must all do our parts to protect the environment. Every time we cut down a tree, it just takes us one step closer to global warming. And we must do it not just for ourselves or our children, but for all of humanity.
2045: 5.831755: It's probably too late to say this. I don't know if it'll mean much to you, but you did your best. And whatever happened with me, it's on me. Okay? Nobody else.
2360: 5.8311653: Tomorrow would be a big day, he knew. He knew it all too well, in fact. Tomorrow would be the biggest day in his life, because tomorrow was the Choosing Day and it would determine how he spent the rest of his life.
1127: 5.827486: Let me tell you this: if you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it's not because they enjoy solitude. It's because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
1816: 5.826517: Oh, in case you got covered in that repulsion gel, here's some advice the lab boys gave me: DO NOT get covered in the repulsion gel.
1996: 5.8239517: The animals sniffed the air hungrily and wondered whether a warm mash was being prepared for their supper. But no warm mash appeared, and on the following Sunday it was announced that from onwards all barley would be reserved for the pigs.
1031: 5.8228273: She thought that in all her life she had never seen soldiers so uncertain on their feet: they were always tripping over something or other, and whenever one went down, several more always fell over him, so that the ground was soon covered with little heaps of men.
1784: 5.820264: Well, you know the old formula: comedy equals tragedy plus time. And you have been asleep for a while. So I guess it's actually pretty funny when you do the math.
1975: 5.81866: I do not understand it. I would not have believed that such things could happen on our farm. It must be due to some fault in ourselves. The solution, as I see it, is to work harder. From now onwards I shall get up a full hour earlier in the mornings.
1086: 5.818085: If you're looking for the word that means caring about someone beyond all rationality and wanting them to have everything they want no matter how much it destroys you, it's love. And when you love someone you don't stop, ever.
884: 5.8167186: It's just a little old Krabby Patty smothered in jellyfish jelly. I call it a Krabby Patty with jellyfish jelly.
1730: 5.8109694: I can imagine no way in which this thing would be considered anywhere remotely close to safe. All I know is I spent six hours in there and I'm still alive. You still want to do it?
2325: 5.8104577: She came in and she was like a shot of espresso. She's like being bathed in sunlight. She's incredibly energetic and enthusiastic. And she had this sense of play and fun which was incredibly exciting.
1754: 5.809804: Not only can we have multiple predicates in list comprehensions, we can also draw from several lists. When drawing from several lists, comprehensions produce all combinations of the given lists and then join them by the output function we supply.
1963: 5.8092136: Napoleon acted swiftly and ruthlessly. He ordered the hens' rations to be stopped, and decreed that any animal giving so much as a grain of corn to a hen should be punished by death. The dogs saw to it that these orders were carried out.
1688: 5.807716: Want to break into a secure facility? Walk up to the door carrying an armload of computers, parts, and dangling cords. Ask someone to hold open the door, and thank them.
986: 5.807451: There's something about this moment, the way she sings along, the way her eyes close during certain notes, the way her smile rises and falls like she could cry at any minute from being overwhelmingly happy or just simply overwhelmed.
925: 5.8071504: I have spied for you and lied for you, put myself in mortal danger for you. Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potter's son safe. Now you tell me you have been raising him like a pig for slaughter.
1489: 5.7972813: How lucky can they be? They're dead. Besides, I've got all the luck we'll need. This is your chance to prove yourself.
127: 5.7926216: Everyone is guilty of something, and everyone still harbors a memory of childhood innocence, no matter how many layers of life wrap around it. Humanity is innocent; humanity is guilty, and both states are undeniably true.
205: 5.7924232: Right now, you are still only a sprout of a great big eye-catching flower. That flower is small for now, but very strong. What kind of flower will bloom in the future is up to you.
2031: 5.7921395: Safe travels to you and Saphira, Eragon. And remember to watch out for earwigs and wild hamsters. Ferocious things, wild hamsters.
1629: 5.790203: You're in direct violation of code 6404.5. Stating all space rangers are to be in hyper-sleep until awakened by authorized personnel.
963: 5.790154: I was right. I'm the same as you. I've probably been like this ever since I was born. I just keep moving forward... Until my enemies are destroyed.
160: 5.782704: We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
2149: 5.7774076: You cannot do anything. You're just a passenger to this. The world seems to be coming down on you. Once you see fire, that's the worst thing you can have. This is bad.
1185: 5.776367: Limitations foster creativity. Tell an artist to paint anything, and he may struggle, but tell him to create something specific, in a set amount of time, for a certain audience, and these constraints might well push him to produce something he might never have come up with on his own.
1903: 5.776354: Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals.
1358: 5.776233: No, you don't have to worry about training me. I know all your moves, your crime fighting style, favorite catch phrases, everything! I'm your number one fan!
517: 5.7759094: In comparing rectilinear figures, the method of superposition was employed by the ancients, but in comparing rectilinear and curvilinear figures with each other, this method failed because no addition or subtraction of rectilinear figures could ever produce curvilinear ones.
283: 5.772617: He got so frightened about his plaguy soul, that he shrinked and sheered away from whales, for fear of after-claps, in case he got stove and went to Davy Jones.
143: 5.76998: All my life, you stood by me, when no one else was ever behind me. All these lights, they can't blind me. With your love, nobody can drag me down.
2274: 5.7692018: Like sifting sand through a screen, we sift people. If you had been unable to control your impulses like an animal, we could not have let you live. You inherit too much power.
1429: 5.766462: I woke up this morning and figured I'd call you in case I'm not here tomorrow, I'm hopin' that I can borrow a peace of mind, I'm behind on what's really important.
1910: 5.7644005: They did not know when the Rebellion predicted by Major would take place, they had no reason for thinking that it would be within their own lifetime, but they saw clearly that it was their duty to prepare for it.
274: 5.762088: Then away out in the woods I heard that kind of a sound that a ghost makes when it wants to tell about something that's on its mind and can't make itself understood, and so can't rest easy in its grave, and has to go about that way every night grieving.
1017: 5.7602034: He works hard to ensure that they both start their day with the help of a generous and varied breakfast, toast, juice, coffee and tea, marmalade, toasted bread spread with oil and tomato, etc.
1328: 5.7598977: I'm guessing Bueno Nacho, movie, 3 hours of you trying to win a stuffed frog from the claw machine at the Middleton Mall.
1515: 5.7591543: So many new faces in detention today. I hope you don't make a habit of it, but the drama club can always use an extra hand. And while we are working, let us probe the mounting evils of cell phones.
1085: 5.758711: The monks used to say that revenge is like a two-headed rat viper. While you watch your enemy go down, you're being poisoned yourself.
526: 5.7566648: If through the advancing power of scientific methods, we find that the pursuits on which we were once engaged, afford no longer a sufficiently ample field for intellectual effort, the remedy is, to proceed to higher inquiries, and, in new tracks, to seek for difficulties yet unsubdued.
2116: 5.754789: I felt the knuckles of my thumb tentatively, as though they were raw again. I sat before her parlor organ, thumbing the scales with my stiff, red hands, while she sat beside me and made canvas mittens for the huskers.
2098: 5.7540493: If you pick up an alternate layout, you will probably see improvement in your overall words per minute, mostly because it'll force you to re-learn how to type, and more importantly, how to touch type.
2096: 5.7527213: While this is a video about typing, continuing to get better at anything requires this sort of self-analysis. Of course, there's an element of endless practice, but you have know what and how to practice too.
263: 5.7507253: You now walk upon the hallowed ground of the Scourge, the Light won't protect you here, Paladin. Nothing will protect you...
440: 5.750338: There is, in fine, a gradation of rank in physical states, to which the gradation of rank in the problems corresponds; and the highest problems repel ruthlessly every one who ventures too near them, without being predestined for their solution by the loftiness and power of his spirituality.
1401: 5.7497783: Okay, boys. Let's have a fair and square fight and in no way should this ensuing fight contain the image of a potentially harmful, hurtful, or psychologically disturbing physical act that could be imitable by an impressionable child viewer.
226: 5.7484417: Alright so here we are in front of the elephants, and the cool thing about these guys is that they have really, really, really long trunks and that's cool. And that's pretty much all there is to say.
12: 5.7459106: At first glance, this plant resembles the spring used in the ship's sub-light engine. Many of its most primitive characteristics remain intact, including its habit of spreading through the dispersal of spores.
95: 5.743445: There's only one thing I hate more than lying: skim milk. Which is water that's lying about being milk.
1457: 5.7427382: We're a little team! Me as the teacher, who could still do it. You as the student, who can do it, just not as good. I'm proud of us. Is there something you want to say to me?
2120: 5.7426543: She sat looking about with her eyes as impersonal, almost as stony, as those with which the granite Rameses in a museum watches the froth that ebbs and glows about his pedestal, separated from it by the lonely stretch of centuries.
546: 5.7379184: The fairies take an hour longer in the morning, the beasts attend to their young, the redskins feed heavily for six days and nights, and when pirates and lost boys meet they merely bite their thumbs at each other.
1494: 5.7347474: Okay, gentlemen, thanks to your new friend Ping, you'll spend tonight picking up every single grain of rice. Tomorrow, the real work begins.
1601: 5.7290754: To spend time is to pass it in a specified manner. To waste time is to expend it thoughtlessly or carelessly. We all have time to either spend or waste, and it is our decision what to do with it. But once passed, it is gone forever.
2003: 5.7271285: They accepted everything that they were told about the Rebellion and the principles of Animalism, especially from Clover, for whom they had an almost filial respect; but it was doubtful whether they understood much of it.
181: 5.7255096: The giant amoeba slides along the kitchen floor. Extending a cytoplasmic pseudo pod, the protozoan engulfs a package of oatmeal cookies.
1057: 5.7249236: Although this process has met with opposition from some of the editors on the grounds that imperfect work may leave their offices, the advantages in making this material available as a research tool outweigh fears about the misspelling of proper names and other relatively minor editorial matters.
2322: 5.720436: The cerebellum plays a key role in forming and storing the implicit memories created by classical conditioning. With a damaged cerebellum, people cannot develop certain reflexes, such as associating a tone with an impending puff of air.
1517: 5.719979: No, it tells us that you do not offer direction, suggestion, or commentary. And you should be thankful that me and Ryan are here to lift your music out of its current obscurity. Are we clear?
1281: 5.7171717: He was walking down the long corridor at the Ministry, and he was almost at the spot where Julia had slipped the note into his hand when he became aware that someone larger than himself was walking just behind him.
172: 5.7166247: In this grave hour, perhaps the most fateful in our history, I send to every household of my peoples, both at home and overseas, this message, spoken with the same depth of feeling for each one of you as if I were able to cross your threshold and speak to you myself.
1988: 5.7134647: When they got up again a huge cloud of black smoke was hanging where the windmill had been. Slowly the breeze drifted it away. The windmill had ceased to exist!
1538: 5.7121034: When the night has come and the land is dark. And the moon is the only light we'll see. No, I won't be afraid. Oh, I won't be afraid, just as long as you stand, stand by me.
2238: 5.7088633: Tell me your story. I want to hear your voice, and I want to hear your conviction. No matter who you are, where you're from, your skin colour, gender identity: speak yourself.
406: 5.7086244: At school nobody ever taught us how to light a cigarette in a storm of rain, nor how a fire could be made with wet wood - nor that it is best to stick a bayonet in the belly because it doesn't get jammed, as it does in the ribs.
1053: 5.7084002: Since users always want to be able to do everything but never want to suffer for any mistakes, the construction of a firewall is a question not only of defensive coding but also of interface presentation, so that users don't even get curious about those corners of a system where they can burn themselves.
2079: 5.7066197: It's a job. We all had this romanticized vision of being a Huntress in our heads! But at the end of the day, it's a job to protect the people! And whatever we want, will have to come second.
1354: 5.7027135: Of course I have a secret identity. Can you see me in this at the supermarket? Come on. Who'd want to go shopping as Elastigirl, y'know what I mean?
1685: 5.7025013: This clearly went too far, since most disputes are not about points of logic but about points of fact, and anyway not even all logical truths can be proved mathematically in the way Leibniz envisaged.
923: 5.7024746: The English language can not fully capture the depth and complexity of my thoughts. So I'm incorporating Emoji into my speech to better express myself. Winky face.
2180: 5.7000957: Never before in all our history have these forces been so united against one candidate as they stand today. They are unanimous in their hate for me - and I welcome their hatred.
1034: 5.6988854: Off we skip like the most heartless things in the world, which is what children are, but so attractive; and we have an entirely selfish time, and then when we have need of special attention we nobly return for it, confident that we shall be rewarded instead of smacked.
1036: 5.696489: The creation of crimes after the commission of the fact, or, in other words, the subjecting of men to punishment for things which, when they were done, were breaches of no law, and the practice of arbitrary imprisonments, have been, in all ages, the favorite and most formidable instruments of tyranny.
415: 5.696218: Oh, these aren't homemade. They were made in a factory... a bomb factory. They're bombs.
1771: 5.6958013: In an imperative language, you have no guarantee that a simple function that should just crunch some numbers won't burn down your house, kidnap your dog and scratch your car with a potato while crunching those numbers.
1727: 5.6953087: Everything we're putting in that box comes ungrounded. And I don't mean grounded to the earth, I mean not tethered. We're blocking whatever keeps it moving forward, so they flip-flop.
1064: 5.691133: Many knights, who had not sufficient confidence in their own skill to defy a single adversary of high reputation, were, nevertheless, desirous of displaying their valour in the general combat, where they might meet others with whom they were more upon an equality.
1449: 5.6896915: Hey, listen. You don't look so hot either, kid. Most superheroes don't wear their own merch.
2176: 5.685743: This time we aren't fighting the Yankees, we're fighting our friends. But remember this, no matter how bitter things get, they're still our friends and this is still our home.
1952: 5.6855116: From now onwards Animal Farm would engage in trade with the neighbouring farms: not, of course, for any commercial purpose but simply in order to obtain certain materials which were urgently necessary.
2091: 5.6844325: Overwriting the habits and techniques that I use to type each word is actually pretty mentally taxing: suddenly, you have to think about every single key that you press and resist your muscle memory's inclination to hit a different key.
221: 5.681833: In his organ solos he feels 'round the keyboard knowing he must find the noisiest notes for you to hear and when I know that he's found them it feels so good, but I still can't see why people listen instead of doing it themselves.
89: 5.680931: China's wine boom has prompted considerable developments in viticulture. Thousands of native grape varieties exist in northern China, many from wild species as breeding is a preoccupation of Chinese research institutions.
1968: 5.678195: Even Boxer, who seldom asked questions, was puzzled. He lay down, tucked his fore hoofs beneath him, shut his eyes, and with a hard effort managed to formulate his thoughts.
1039: 5.6780815: If a pertinacious minority can control the opinion of a majority, respecting the best mode of conducting it, the majority, in order that something may be done, must conform to the views of the minority; and thus the sense of the smaller number will overrule that of the greater, and give a tone to the national proceedings.
1280: 5.678062: All teenagers are hackers. They have to be, if only because their life circumstances are untenable. They think they're adults, but the adults think they're kids.
814: 5.677769: For quick development is of the utmost importance, and he who succeeds first in placing all his pieces, from their initial awkward positions, to such places as give them command of the greatest possible number of squares, has the better chance of concentrating a superior force on some important point.
1314: 5.6729226: Every last one of them. We've implemented a double-negative cover story. We make sure only to leak out information that is one-hundred percent accurate.
1961: 5.67215: For a long time the quarry was full of snowdrifts and nothing could be done. Some progress was made in the dry frosty weather that followed, but it was cruel work, and the animals could not feel so hopeful about it as they had felt before.
1550: 5.671818: What is she gonna do, ban me? Good luck! Try me vegan teacher. I will eat you for breakfast just like that steak I ate for breakfast.
1062: 5.6710134: When he got home, he made room on his personal nightmare, his desk, for the flatbed scanner, then played with it for several hours, learning how to scan an image at the right sensitivity, the correct brightness and reflectivity for the proper resolution.
1381: 5.6695166: We've frozen all of Syndrome's assets. If he even sneezes, we'll be there with a hanky and a pair of handcuffs. The people of this country are indebted to you.
10: 5.6670833: Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It is an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us; it binds the galaxy together.
1709: 5.6653533: If a physician of high standing, and one's own husband, assures friends and relatives that there is really nothing the matter with one but temporary nervous depression - a slight hysterical tendency - what is one to do?
180: 5.663642: As you can see, I have memorized this utterly useless piece of information long enough to pass a test question. I now intend to forget it forever. You've taught me nothing except how to cynically manipulate the system. Congratulations.
1204: 5.6620016: He breathed heavily, and it was said that, when he slept, his wives and children could hear him breathe. When he walked, his heels hardly touched the ground and he seemed to walk on springs, as if he was going to pounce on somebody.
2341: 5.661238: I'm not trying to get you to apologise, you know? I'm only worried about you. If you continue fighting this way, sooner or later you'll be faced with a truly dangerous situation.
1768: 5.6582503: A Haskell module is a collection of related functions, types and typeclasses. A Haskell program is a collection of modules where the main module loads up the other modules and then uses the functions defined in them to do something.
1745: 5.65775: The chain running through the locks sounded like the anchor of a galleon, and the door opened. Their pitiless guardian, the only creature who seemed alive in the instantaneous silence, began walking from one end of the dormitory to the other.
1055: 5.652853: Many introverted hackers who are next to inarticulate in person communicate with considerable fluency over the net, perhaps precisely because they can forget on an unconscious level that they are dealing with people and thus don't feel stressed and anxious as they would face to face.
243: 5.6504736: Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking.
98: 5.6498027: Normally, if given the choice between doing something and nothing, I'd choose to do nothing. But I will do something if it helps someone else do nothing. I'd work all night, if it meant nothing got done.
1902: 5.649379: No animal in England knows the meaning of happiness or leisure after he is a year old. No animal in England is free. The life of an animal is misery and slavery: that is the plain truth.
1159: 5.647908: What I want is to be needed. What I need is to be indispensable to somebody. Who I need is somebody that will eat up all my free time, my ego, my attention. Somebody addicted to me. A mutual addiction.
2316: 5.6412697: Recall is retrieving information that is not currently in your conscious awareness but that was learned at an earlier time. A fill-in-the-blank question tests your recall.
1393: 5.6403646: I see your point, Candace. No crazy person would scream at a post like that. I'll be in the dairy section if you want to come yell at some cheese or anything.
429: 5.639175: The interval was, consequently, spent in inaction; his grief only became more deep and rankling when he had leisure for reflection, and at length it took so fast hold of his mind that at the end of three months he lay on a bed of sickness, incapable of any exertion.
628: 5.637801: Weston ought to have found more in it, for she had a husband whose warm heart and sweet temper made him think every thing due to her in return for the great goodness of being in love with him; but though she had one sort of spirit, she had not the best.
1455: 5.637603: If you stay in this dimension too long, your body's going to disintegrate. Do you know how painful that would be, Peter Parker?
971: 5.637481: Trust is a tree that towers fifty feet above us. Grown over time through many seasons, believing in something more than just the surface. I trust that this is worth it, but my toes are hanging off the ledge.
2318: 5.636997: Relearning is learning something more quickly when you learn it a second or later time. When you study for a final exam or engage a language used in early childhood, you will relearn the material more easily than you did initially.
1744: 5.632243: But after the third week she began, little by little, to join in the life of the cloister. After all, said the doctors, every one of them started out the same way, and sooner or later they became integrated into the community.
1723: 5.629085: No one would say that what they were doing was complicated. It wouldn't even be considered new. Except maybe in the geological sense. They took from their surroundings what was needed and made of it something more.
833: 5.6262646: Only certain hours were set apart for study during the evenings at the hostel, and any girl who could not accomplish her lessons in that time had to finish them as best she could in odd minutes during the day, or even in bed in the mornings if she happened to wake sufficiently early.
1448: 5.625497: Then why aren't you dead? And why is your hair different? Why are you older? And why is your body a different shape?
1175: 5.622511: Oh, I'm sorry. Did I put you in a difficult position by fighting the giant force of pure evil that was going to destroy the whole world? Maybe your administration could have handled that.
885: 5.618899: Here you go, sir. A king size ultra Krabby Supreme with the works, double-batter fried on a stick.
1447: 5.61548: Einstein said time was relative, right? Maybe I'm not late. Maybe you guys are early.
1802: 5.6136756: Did you guess sharks? Because that's wrong. The correct answer is nobody. Nobody but you is that pointlessly cruel.
1266: 5.6055307: I don't need to check the map. I trust my son. You know, maybe Max isn't all the things that you think a son should be, but... he loves me.
869: 5.6055107: If one is to study a foreign language at all, it is usually thought best to begin earlier than the third year of the high school, so as to finish these simple matters that can be done by children and gain time in the later years for the more complicated matters that require mature judgment.
2080: 5.6041975: When you've been at someone's side for so long, after a while they become a part of you. But that's just it, they're only a part of you. Don't forget about the rest.
1411: 5.6016035: Perry the Platypus. Look, could you just use the front door from now on? Could you just do that for me?
1259: 5.600324: How dare you open a spaceman's helmet on an uncharted planet! My eyeballs could've been sucked from their sockets!
7: 5.5992575: If I disobey that fat old fool K. Rool, it's the big sawmill in the sky for me, so pay up pronto and I can get my wooden butt outta here!
375: 5.597313: He did not know how to get rid of them, but he sketched a kind of gesture in the air, intended to intimate that, while their efforts had afforded the keenest pleasure to the company generally, they were unwilling to monopolise them any longer, and the artists were at liberty to retire.
2244: 5.5925927: Just off the road, you spot a man furiously boring into the earth. As you approach, he silently beams a smile, hands you a shovel, and, before you realize what's happening, you too are digging holes.
1385: 5.592352: Until the sky is black and the sun it never shows. Til the whipping winds of nuclear winter cruelly blow. The gift of immortality has been bestowed. I will return, I will return.
1170: 5.5916834: He was therefore neither behindhand nor ahead of time. The two days gained between London and Bombay had been lost, as has been seen, in the journey across India.
991: 5.588924: The further they walk, the more wheelchairs appear until the lawn is jammed with two hundred wheelchairs bumping into each other, patients falling out, total wheelchair chaos.
431: 5.5866284: If our impulses were confined to hunger, thirst, and desire, we might be nearly free; but now we are moved by every wind that blows and a chance word or scene that that word may convey to us.
915: 5.5863843: Fear is a strange soil. It grows obedience like corn, which grow in straight lines to make weeding easier. But sometimes it grows the potatoes of defiance, which flourish underground.
917: 5.585192: Baby, every time I love you, in and out my life, in and out baby. Tell me, if you really love me, it's in and out my life, in and out baby. So baby, yes, love never felt so good.
187: 5.5829425: There's no guarantee that the weapon that worked first will continue working until the end. I have to keep moving forward. I have to keep going! My greatest weapon is not getting caught!
565: 5.5807214: Flora was so markedly feverish that an illness was perhaps at hand; she had passed a night of extreme unrest, a night agitated above all by fears that had for their subject not in the least her former, but wholly her present, governess.
2302: 5.5773964: The bucket belonged to my dad. He used it for washing the car. I don't remember exactly how or why this started, but through some contortion of childhood logic, I decided that I needed to get my entire body into the bucket.
1906: 5.576128: Man serves the interests of no creature except himself. And among us animals let there be perfect unity, perfect comradeship in the struggle. All men are enemies. All enemies are comrades.
1256: 5.575549: Over there in that house is a kid who thinks you are the greatest, and it's not because you're a Space Ranger, pal, it's because you're a toy. You are his toy!
883: 5.572282: I can't put a patty on a bun with lettuce, cheese, onions, tomatoes, ketchup, mustard, pickles, and top bun together in that order!
2042: 5.569389: Once again, a UFO has landed in America, the only country UFOs ever seem to land in.
1477: 5.5682626: It is said that master and student walk side-by-side, sharing their fate, until they go their separate ways.
861: 5.5638275: Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
2385: 5.561175: Dimitri said something in Russian to them. They said something back. He said some other thing and pointed to me. They smiled and made happy Russian sounds.
1181: 5.560666: You are too curious. Hungry for knowledge and power. Both things I can provide. Allow me... to earn your trust.
2349: 5.5601473: In the deepest part of the dome, something so logic-defyingly humongous sat on a throne just as big as itself. It was none other than a huge stone statue of a god!
2128: 5.5516586: We all need that someone, who gets you like no one else right when you need it the most; we all need a soul to rely on, a shoulder to cry on, a friend through the highs and the lows. I'm not gonna make it alone.
2343: 5.5491695: The flame flew forward and illuminated the interior. The passageway seemed to go on forever. Soon enough, the flame lost its forward momentum, fell to the ground and smouldered for a bit before flickering out of existence.
1766: 5.5488615: Lambdas are basically anonymous functions that are used because we need some functions only once. To make a lambda, we write a backslash, and then we write the parameters, separated by spaces.
2249: 5.5484176: Let both sides seek to invoke the wonders of science instead of its terrors. Together let us explore the stars, conquer the deserts, eradicate disease, tap the ocean depths and encourage the arts and commerce.
1237: 5.546927: Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.
179: 5.544746: Everybody seeks happiness! Not me, though! That's the difference between me and the rest of the world. Happiness isn't good enough for me! I demand euphoria!
1141: 5.5418773: I wanted you to see what real courage is, instead of getting the idea that courage is a man with a gun in his hand. It's when you know you're licked before you begin, but you begin anyway and see it through no matter what.
985: 5.5392685: You see, when we laugh, our bodies release endorphins that not only support the immune system, but also release deeply stored emotional pain, and give us a fresh new outlook on life.
443: 5.5358515: In intercourse with scholars and artists one readily makes mistakes of opposite kinds: in a remarkable scholar one not infrequently finds a mediocre man; and often, even in a mediocre artist, one finds a very remarkable man.
206: 5.5357623: Making trouble for the team. This is what I was afraid of the most. I didn't want the team's morale to suffer a blow because of me. But even so, maybe I should've answered them with honesty sooner.
1138: 5.5349255: That's always seemed so ridiculous to me, that people want to be around someone because they're pretty. It's like picking your breakfast cereals based on color instead of taste.
219: 5.529956: Freed from the thoughts of winning, I instantly play better. I stop thinking, start feeling. My shots become a half-second quicker, my decisions become the product of instinct rather than logic.
1633: 5.529769: Molly, you're not off the hook either. You have more toys than you know what to do with. Some of them could make other kids really happy.
1943: 5.52684: The animals listened first to Napoleon, then to Snowball, and could not make up their minds which was right; indeed they always found themselves in agreement with the one who was speaking at the moment.
1327: 5.523825: That's the downside with working with villains, they are always stealing your stuff! Oh, that reminds me, has anyone seen my stapler?
1183: 5.519965: Search your heart. There's something that you want very badly. But... something or someone... stands in your way.
1824: 5.5184603: Excellent. Although great science is always the result of collaboration, keep in mind that, like Albert Einstein and his cousin Terry, history will only remember one of you.
1098: 5.517918: It is the moment of non-construction, disclosing the absentation of actuality from the concept in part through its invitation to emphasize, in reading, the helplessness - rather than the will to power - of its fall into conceptuality.
254: 5.5174966: Congratulations. The fact that you're reading this means you've taken one giant step closer to surviving till your next birthday. Yes, you.
214: 5.5148764: When humans copy nature, they get the pattern wrong. Real leaves don't look like this. Every leaf on a tree is different, but these are all the same.
1487: 5.513323: This is the story of how I died. Don't worry, this is actually a very fun story and the truth is, it isn't even mine. This is the story of a girl named Rapunzel.
1521: 5.5132947: Remember in kindergarten how you'd meet a kid and know nothing about them. Then ten seconds later, you play like you're best friends because you didn't have to be anything but yourself?
919: 5.512227: At first I was afraid I was petrified. Kept thinking I could never live without you by my side. But then I spent so many nights thinking how you did me wrong and I grew strong and I learnt how to get along.
123: 5.510579: The best leaders make mistakes and then learn from them. The best leaders never make the same mistakes again. The only way you can learn is if you understand the mistakes that were made.
2023: 5.510232: Gon, you are light. But sometimes you shine so brightly, I must look away.... Even so, is it still okay if I stay at your side?
1052: 5.505728: The usual physical example of a stack is to be found in a cafeteria: a pile of plates or trays sitting on a spring in a well, so that when you put one on the top they all sink down, and when you take one off the top the rest spring up a bit.
2386: 5.498104: Well, after all, this is the age of the disposable tissue. Blow your nose on a person, wad them, flush them away, reach for another, blow, wad, flush.
176: 5.4978476: There was never any more inception than there is now, nor any more youth or age than there is now; and will never be any more perfection than there is now, nor any more heaven or hell than there is now.
1130: 5.49412: Perhaps all the dragons in our lives are princesses who are only waiting to see us act, just once, with beauty and courage. Perhaps everything that frightens us is, in its deepest essence, something helpless that wants our love.
1474: 5.492832: Learn the form, but seek the formless. Hear the soundless. Learn it all, then forget it all. Learn the way, then find your own way.
1274: 5.4911847: You know who the best managers are? They're the great individual contributors, who never ever want to be a manager, but decide they have to be manager because no one else is going to be able to do as good a job as them.
1157: 5.487843: But there are people who'll try to hurt you through the good they see in you-knowing that it's the good, needing it and punishing you for it. Don't let it break you when you discover that.
1344: 5.4854746: We broke the record for most attempts to get in the Book of World Records! They say we're the most determined neighborhood they've ever heard of.
1038: 5.4847736: All new laws, though penned with the greatest technical skill, and passed on the fullest and most mature deliberation, are considered as more or less obscure and equivocal, until their meaning be liquidated and ascertained by a series of particular discussions and adjudications.
2068: 5.4825172: Chemists do not usually stutter. It would be very awkward if they did, seeing that they have at times to get out such words as methylethylamylophenylium.
1133: 5.4779897: I am not what you call a civilised man! I have done with society entirely, for reasons which I alone have the right of appreciating. I do not, therefore, obey its laws, and I desire you never to allude to them before me again!
1007: 5.473592: He locks the door's enormous padlock, looks about carefully to make sure no one's around, and then hides the key under a garden gnome on the floor, standing amongst a row of pathetic pot plants.
1941: 5.473435: This would light the stalls and warm them in winter, and would also run a circular saw, a chaff-cutter, a mangel-slicer and an electric milking machine.
2346: 5.4727697: Treasures or rare loot found in a dungeon would normally be divided equally among all the participants in a raid. It was quite a different way of sharing the rewards where one could take possession of magic crystals one procured by themselves.
271: 5.4724226: When I asked him if he knew Count Dracula, and could tell me anything of his castle, both he and his wife crossed themselves, and, saying that they knew nothing at all, simply refused to speak further.
1320: 5.4690886: Oh, sure, you save the world on a regular basis, and no one remembers your name. But you lose your pants six or eight times, and they never let you live it down!
2007: 5.4664783: And suddenly, at the sound of the mingled voices, the animals were stricken with curiosity. What could be happening in there, now that for the first time animals and human beings were meeting on terms of equality?
637: 5.4640036: As the night was fast falling, and as the moon, being past the full, would not rise early, we held a little council; a short one, for clearly our course was to lie by at the first lonely tavern we could find.
1037: 5.4500065: The violent destruction of life and property incident to war, the continual effort and alarm attendant on a state of continual danger, will compel nations the most attached to liberty to resort for repose and security to institutions which have a tendency to destroy their civil and political rights.
66: 5.4464245: Son, I'm naming you Philip J. Fry in honor of my little brother, who I miss every day. I love you, Philip, and I always will.
542: 5.4457026: Every syllogism has three and only three terms, whereof that which is the subject of the conclusion is called the minor term, the predicate of the conclusion, the major term, and the remaining term common to both premises, the middle term.
1084: 5.4444838: This life is punctuated by some missteps, failing to glean the right emphasis and the meaning. This life is punctuated like a texting session, between two overheated, insecure teens.
11: 5.442902: It is believed that this plant produces tufted seeds with a parachute-like arm, which allows the seeds to ride gently on the wind. This increases the distribution range of the plant considerably.
978: 5.4408655: Gon, you are light itself. Sometimes you're too bright and I can't look at you... But can I still stay by your side?
2201: 5.438241: I feel no malice toward this girl. I don't even envy her. Watching, I am simply emptied, and in the dream I want to cry out, because she is something I can never be, some possibility in my life that can never be fulfilled.
363: 5.43693: Throughout its whole length the alimentary canal is lined by a skin or mucous membrane like that of the mouth, only over the greater part of it the epithelium is still thinner than in the mouth, and indeed is made up of a single layer only of cells.
1741: 5.4348283: Comments that contradict the code are worse than no comments. Always make a priority of keeping the comments up-to-date when the code changes!
1236: 5.427939: Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me. Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
1781: 5.4276185: Okay, look. We both said a lot of things that you're going to regret. But I think we can put our differences behind us. For science. You monster.
2330: 5.42129: It is so easy to overestimate the importance of one defining moment and underestimate the value of making small improvements on a daily basis. Too often, we convince ourselves that massive success requires massive action but it's simply not true.
1965: 5.4193807: Napoleon decreed that there should be a full investigation into Snowball's activities. With his dogs in attendance he set out and made a careful tour of inspection of the farm buildings, the other animals following at a respectful distance.
2288: 5.419311: The right belief is like a good cloak, I think. If it fits you well, it keeps you warm and safe. The wrong fit, however, can suffocate.
337: 5.4179792: And two days later, when he returned to his kill and found a dozen wolverenes quarrelling over the spoil, he scattered them like chaff; and those that fled left two behind who would quarrel no more.
821: 5.4175243: Electricity propels our trains, lights our houses and streets, makes our clothes, cures our ills, warms us, cooks for us and performs an innumerable number of other tasks at the turning of a little switch.
1063: 5.416937: Whether that data is raw in nature, such as names, addresses and phone numbers, or it consists of secret governmental strategies and policies or proprietary business details, information is the key building block upon which modern society functions.
609: 5.415276: To see him striding along the profile of a hill on a windy day, with his clothes bagging and fluttering about him, one might have mistaken him for the genius of famine descending upon the earth, or some scarecrow eloped from a cornfield.
2170: 5.412582: Be still now and feel the water. Keep the ground upon your cheek when you dwindle. You be kind and let me go; I'm as timeless as you feel.
2155: 5.41166: My old professor, meanwhile, was stunned by the normalcy of the day around him. Shouldn't the world stop? Don't they know what has happened to me?
2363: 5.403442: Sometimes, I find myself lying awake at 4AM. I am suddenly filled with ambition and excitement, thinking about all the things I'm going to be too tired to do when I get up.
2134: 5.40327: Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and progress will lead to all men's happiness, Soldiers! In the name of democracy, let us all unite!
196: 5.398985: Everyone thinks that being small is more detrimental than it actually is. Even though being smaller puts you at a disadvantage in volleyball, it doesn't make you completely helpless!
1179: 5.396345: Horses need hay. I am bringing hay to the horses! Very hungry horses need hay. Hungry, hungry horses.
1245: 5.39572: Because most of us are bad at it, got aching ribs from faking it. And even if it dissolves, it's still better than nothing at all. So if you find happiness, hold on to it.
63: 5.395577: I wanna taste something other than sweetness. I wanna cry salty tears, learn bitter truths. I wanna take a big, meaty bite out of life and dip it in mustard.
1171: 5.393458: Everything had gone so well till now! Earth and sea had seemed to be at his master's service; steamers and railways obeyed him; wind and steam united to speed his journey.
583: 5.393076: Driving at that hour, on a lovely day, through a country to which the summer sweetness seemed to offer me a friendly welcome, my fortitude mounted afresh and, as we turned into the avenue, encountered a reprieve that was probably but a proof of the point to which it had sunk.
795: 5.392649: At first she had wondered if she would be dashed to pieces when the house fell again; but as the hours passed and nothing terrible happened, she stopped worrying and resolved to wait calmly and see what the future would bring.
2397: 5.390813: I want everyone to love me, I want everyone to trust me. Not gonna happen, I think about this every day, and dream about it every night, what am I lacking?
1573: 5.389299: Will, going to college isn't just about finding a job. It's about finding yourself, and finding what you do best that makes a contribution to the community. It shouldn't be just about money.
1527: 5.3881226: F is for fire that burns down the whole town. U is for uranium... bomb. N is for no survivors when you.
1724: 5.388078: You want to put my camcorder... inside the box that's so dangerous we can't look into it. If something happens, would you pay me back?
1047: 5.3865266: In giving her existence a great law had been broken; and the result was a being whose elements were perhaps beautiful and brilliant, but all in disorder, or with an order peculiar to themselves, amidst which the point of variety and arrangement was difficult or impossible to be discovered.
1421: 5.3843155: Guys come and look at this! This is an actual replica of an artist's interpretation of what some random guy of no significance believed that the chariot of Asparagus might have looked like.
2279: 5.3822107: Human beings have rights, because they are moral beings: the rights of all men grow out of their moral nature; and as all men have the same moral nature, they have essentially the same rights.
931: 5.3808784: Any attempt at recovering the bodies was absolutely hopeless, and there, deep down in that dreadful cauldron of swirling water and seething foam, will lie for all time the most dangerous criminal and the foremost champion of the law of their generation.
2037: 5.3802714: No, I mean you don't belong here in the Jade Palace. You're a disgrace to kung fu, and if you have any respect for who we are and what we do, you will be gone by morning.
1706: 5.378214: I had no idea until you told me... No idea that I was alive. Living is no different from being dead if you're all alone.
1272: 5.377563: Sometimes life's going to hit you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. I'm convinced that the only thing that kept me going was that I loved what I did.
2289: 5.376492: A man can only lead when others accept him as their leader, and he has only as much authority as his subjects give to him. All of the brilliant ideas in the world cannot save your kingdom if no one will listen to them.
1069: 5.375838: Feeling tired? That bench may be iron, but I assure you it's quite comfortable. There's no better place to collect your thoughts before heading below.
1707: 5.3737144: Here. It's a dreamcatcher. Wear it when you sleep, and I'll keep the nightmares away. I'll always be with you.
1757: 5.369416: If we write a number, we don't have to tell Haskell it's a number. It can infer that on its own, so we don't have to explicitly write out the types of our functions and expressions to get things done.
1140: 5.3690567: If you're reading this... Congratulations, you're alive. If that's not something to smile about, then I don't know what is.
2306: 5.3672857: I started sneaking out more frequently. I started sneaking out at night. And the fact that I was sneaking seems to suggest I might've been at least partially aware that this type of behavior should be secret.
246: 5.3667865: The Lord is my light and my salvation - whom shall I fear? The Lord is the stronghold of my life - of whom shall I be afraid?
420: 5.3632884: It seemed funny to me that the sunset she saw from her patio and the one I saw from the back steps was the same one. Maybe the two different worlds we lived in weren't so different. We saw the same sunset.
1483: 5.363068: I'll spare you the sob story of poor orphan Eugene Fitzherbert, it's a little bit of a... It's a little bit of a downer.
1093: 5.360747: You don't know about real loss. Cause it only occurs when you love something more than you love yourself. I doubt you have ever dared to love anybody that much.
945: 5.35847: Do you mean that the tyrant will dare to use violence against the people who fathered him, and raise his hand against them if they oppose him? So the tyrant is a parricide, and little comfort to his old parent.
2326: 5.3553977: Whether we write or speak or do but look, we are ever unapparent. What we are cannot be transfused into word or book. Our soul from us is infinitely far.
308: 5.354935: Then we roused out our fishing tackle and overhauled it, by which time, our breakfasts having settled somewhat, we made all secure within the tent and strode off in the direction my friend had explored on his previous visit.
1686: 5.3541436: Visceral design is what nature does. We humans evolved to coexist in the environment of other humans, animals, plants, landscapes, weather, and other natural phenomena.
2248: 5.352463: And if a beachhead of cooperation may push back the jungle of suspicion, let both sides join in creating a new endeavor, not a new balance of power, but a new world of law, where the strong are just and the weak secure and the peace preserved.
588: 5.352443: My son. The day you were born the very forests of Lordaeron whispered the name... Arthas.
8: 5.3514833: I'm seventeen and I'm crazy. My uncle says the two always go together. When people ask your age, he said, always say seventeen and insane.
1318: 5.342326: I don't get it. If you're such an evil genius, shouldn't you invent your own stuff? I mean, what's with the stealing?
718: 5.3416166: My name is Thomas, he thought. That... that was the only thing he could remember about his life. He didn't understand how this could be possible.
2371: 5.334496: The rules are simple: they lie to us, we know they're lying, they know we know they're lying, but they keep lying to us, and we keep pretending to believe them.
1580: 5.333377: His highness would like you to clean his sneakers. And you will clean them with your toothbrush. Not up and down, not side to side, but in a circular motion.
136: 5.3310013: Why do clothes never have enough pockets? There should always be lots of pockets... the more pockets, the better!
147: 5.329632: I don't pretend to be wise, but I am observing, and I see a great deal more than you'd imagine. I'm interested in other people's experiences and inconsistencies, and, though I can't explain, I remember and use them for my own benefit.
1828: 5.3289123: Oops. You trapped yourself. I guess that's it then. Thanks for testing. You may as well lie down and get acclimated to the being dead position.
1982: 5.3265204: Four dogs guarded his bed at night, one at each corner, and a young pig named Pinkeye was given the task of tasting all his food before he ate it, lest it should be poisoned.
1452: 5.326247: There's always a bypass key, a virus key, a who-cares key. I can never remember, so I always call it a goober. Give it.
1981: 5.3245955: In the middle of the summer the animals were alarmed to hear that three hens had come forward and confessed that, inspired by Snowball, they had entered into a plot to murder Napoleon.
306: 5.32272: They could not go very fast, but they walked steadily; and by the time the moon sank away and the sun peeped over the hills they had travelled so great a distance that the boy had no reason to fear pursuit from the old witch.
700: 5.3195834: During the war he had been a fervent patriot, but, though he had never heard a shot himself, so many of his friends' sons and nephews, not to mention cousins of his own, had seen service, that he had come to regard the experience as commonplace.
610: 5.3186483: That all this might not be too onerous on the purses of his rustic patrons, who are apt to consider the costs of schooling a grievous burden, and schoolmasters as mere drones, he had various ways of rendering himself both useful and agreeable.
552: 5.3180428: As his eyes became accustomed to the dim light various objects in the home under the trees took shape; but the only one on which his greedy gaze rested, long sought for and found at last, was the great bed.
1767: 5.3177943: Whenever you want to traverse a list to return something, chances are you want a fold. That's why folds are, along with maps and filters, one of the most useful types of functions in functional programming.
5: 5.314775: I've been waiting a long time for this moment. Soon, Donkey Kong and his pretty little island will be no more!
1293: 5.313065: There was no reason for me to stay in the real world any longer. In the real world, it didn't matter if I was there or not. When I realized that, I was no longer afraid of losing my body.
335: 5.3087916: He was a killer, a thing that preyed, living on the things that lived, unaided, alone, by virtue of his own strength and prowess, surviving triumphantly in a hostile environment where only the strong survived.
93: 5.3081865: Give a man a fish and feed him for a day. Don't teach a man to fish... and feed yourself. He's a grown man. Fishing's not that hard.
990: 5.3072085: The life of everyone on board depends on just one thing: finding someone back there who not only can fly this plane, but who didn't have fish for dinner.
622: 5.3069425: Every few moments, when the man spoke, or moved, or smiled, he would start and fix his eyes on him, and then suddenly withdraw them, as the bright, dark eyes met his with such unconcerned coolness.
1480: 5.3036265: But the walls of that tower could not hide everything. Each year on her birthday the king and queen release thousands of lanterns into the sky, in hope that one day their lost princess would return.
1966: 5.3035154: The animals were thoroughly frightened. It seemed to them as though Snowball were some kind of invisible influence, pervading the air about them and menacing them with all kinds of dangers.
1726: 5.3014407: Abe had taken on the task of quantifying and explaining the device. But as weeks became months, their enthusiasm became a slow realization - that they were out of their depth.
265: 5.3008013: Imprisoned for ten thousand years. Banished from my own homeland. And now, you dare enter my realm. You are not prepared!
1597: 5.299192: The great mistake is to anticipate the outcome of the engagement; you ought not to be thinking of whether it ends in victory or defeat. Let nature take its course, and your tools will strike at the right moment.
523: 5.29778: Being kept awake one night by a toothache, some thoughts undesignedly came into his head concerning the roulette or cycloid; one idea followed another; and he thus discovered properties of this curve even to demonstration.
1169: 5.297014: No additional shot nor powder, a compass that doesn't point north, and I half expected it to be made of wood. You are without a doubt the worst pirate I've ever heard of.
1463: 5.296345: If you truly want to continue escaping from everyday life, you have no other choice but to keep on evolving. No matter whether you're aiming higher or lower.
1572: 5.295333: Well speaking as a lawyer, I can only say that your daughter fits the criminal profile to a T, right down to the sloping forehead, and the wide jaws suitable for grains and small rodents!
2146: 5.2924385: Remember, rules define a civilization. Rules tell us what kind of conduct is acceptable and what kind of people we choose to be. Policies that work against the general welfare undermine a society.
2036: 5.290329: You are too concerned with what was and what will be. There is a saying: Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, but today is a gift. That is why it is called the present.
1174: 5.286841: The girl and Luma fixed up the rusty spaceship, and then the two set sail into the starry sky. And this is how the search for the celestial mother began.
577: 5.279881: They moved slowly, in unison, below us, over the lawn, the boy, as they went, reading aloud from a storybook and passing his arm round his sister to keep her quite in touch.
2258: 5.2784553: Foolishness, Dante. Foolishness. Might controls everything. And without strength you can not protect anything. Let alone yourself.
1561: 5.2767587: I've modded the device to release a single huge antichroniton blast. It should rip us out of stasis back to the instant before I conceived of the Time Button.
1548: 5.2763453: And all the cool kids did their own thing. I was on the outside, always looking in. Yeah, I was there but I wasn't. They never really cared if I wasn't.
1703: 5.2753525: But we won't know more until we get to Edge Knot City, and that means connecting this region first.
281: 5.272829: He says that with my imaginative power and habit of story-making a nervous weakness like mine is sure to lead to all manner of excited fancies, and that I ought to use my will and good sense to check the tendency.
1308: 5.2662086: Declare me supreme ruler of Earth, or I will neutronolize a different major city, every hour on the hour! That should do it.
1808: 5.2616944: If you are a non-employee who has discovered this facility amid the ruins of civilization, welcome! And remember: testing is the future, and the future starts with you.
1252: 5.261676: I've been waiting my whole life to know I wanted you, are you feeling me slowly? You can take your time, and I promise I won't lie, we'll make it out alive.
1922: 5.2587748: On Sundays there was no work. Breakfast was an hour later than usual, and after breakfast there was a ceremony which was observed every week without fail.
1987: 5.257777: Two of the men had produced a crowbar and a sledge hammer. They were going to knock the windmill down. 'Impossible!' cried Napoleon.
1061: 5.2576914: Miles would have thought that while there is considerable technical talent around the world, finding people who would be willing to work on projects to facilitate the interruption of communications and proper computer operations would have been the most difficult part of recruitment.
2108: 5.2573414: I know somewhere there is an economist who knows the truth, but I don't know where to find him and haven't the sense to know him and trust him when I find him. What a job!
2231: 5.2567706: You're only here for a short visit. Don't hurry, don't worry. And be sure to smell the flowers along the way.
1870: 5.250066: I won't bring no material in the afterlife. Take no possessions, I would rather travel light. I'm of this kind that kills all day but I don't know yet how to die.
799: 5.2490025: Now it is well known that when there are many of these flowers together their odor is so powerful that anyone who breathes it falls asleep, and if the sleeper is not carried away from the scent of the flowers, he sleeps on and on forever.
642: 5.2484016: And the mere sight of the torment, with his fishy eyes and mouth open, his sandy hair inquisitively on end, and his waistcoat heaving with windy arithmetic, made me vicious in my reticence.
1690: 5.2442303: Love comes by being earned, when an object's special characteristics makes it a daily part of our lives, when it deepens our satisfaction, whether because of its beauty, its behavior, or its reflective component.
1163: 5.242462: When a person is lucky enough to live inside a story, to live inside an imaginary world, the pains of this world disappear. For as long as the story goes on, reality no longer exists.
403: 5.2342253: You are perfect exactly as you are. With all your flaws and problems, there's no need to change anything. All you need to change is the thought that you aren't good enough.
1933: 5.233916: There was much discussion as to what the battle should be called. In the end, it was named the Battle of the Cowshed, since that was where the ambush had been sprung.
893: 5.2262506: I need a triple Krabby Supreme on a kelp bun with extra sea pickle, and burn it to a crisp, okay?
481: 5.225315: When a typewriter had this facility, it could still be fitted with a solid black ribbon; the lever was then used to switch to fresh ribbon when the first stripe ran out of ink.
932: 5.2229695: He found that he was still not at all certain that he was doing any good, aside from providing the drug of religious hope to timorous folk frightened of hell-fire and afraid to walk alone.
1079: 5.2199783: The lesser the days actually, the more energy I receive mentally and physically. As we get closer I get a lot of energy because I have been training for some months now focusing for October.
1119: 5.2169766: Sometimes, you read a book and it fills you with this weird evangelical zeal, and you become convinced that the shattered world will never be put back together unless and until all living humans read the book.
2354: 5.2161403: As said, that is why she walks: to find this god. And so, she faces it: the world of black. The Void.
2324: 5.215108: Make your choice, adventurous stranger; strike the bell and bide the danger. Or wonder, 'till it drives you mad, what would have followed if you had.
468: 5.2139306: It is filled with mockery, with inventiveness, with things as concrete as things to eat and coins, it has time for the neatest intellectual clickings, it is never hurried, and it moves with the most amazing rapidity.
1230: 5.213902: Being a giver is not good for a 100-yard dash, but it's valuable in a marathon.
1927: 5.212594: Nevertheless, they were both thoroughly frightened by the Rebellion on Animal Farm, and very anxious to prevent their own animals from learning too much about it.
1687: 5.207007: Fun and pleasure, alas, are not topics often covered by science. Science can be too serious, and even when it attempts to examine the issues surrounding fun and pleasure, its very seriousness becomes a distraction.
1977: 5.2033286: The other animals sitting round her took it up, and they said it three times over - very tunefully, but slowly and mournfully, in a way they had never sung it before.
2337: 5.2003465: The goal in any sport is to finish with the best score, but it would be ridiculous to spend the whole game staring at the scoreboard. The only way to actually win is to get better each day.
166: 5.1986284: Do I know you? I know you clear through. I was born and raised in the south, and I've lived in the north; so I know the average all around. The average man's a coward.
1412: 5.1981: Perry the Platypus. As usual, your timing is incredible. And by incredible, of course, I mean completely credible!
448: 5.196962: He had often been depressed before, and there was nothing surprising at his feeling so at such a moment, when he had broken off with everything that had brought him here, and was preparing that day to make a new start and enter upon a new, unknown future.
745: 5.1945515: Upon this shelf a bit of the alloy of two exceedingly hard metals, iridium and osmium, is secured by melting the gold around it; and it is this bit which stands all the wear of rubbing on the paper.
1713: 5.1943235: Of pain you could wish only one thing: that it should stop. Nothing in the world was so bad as physical pain. In the face of pain there are no heroes.
540: 5.193267: Thus the law of what logicians term simple conversion, is determined by the fact, that the corresponding equations are symmetrical, that they are unaffected by a mutual change of place, in those symbols which correspond to the convertible classes.
2333: 5.1912127: Habits are the compound interest of self-improvement. The same way that money multiplies through compound interest, the effects of your habits multiply as you repeat them.
1587: 5.1903205: The truth is the unknown, but the unknown can't just be about the truth. The truth is the unknown can only be as truthful as the truth of the unknown can be. And that's the truth.
2300: 5.185984: I saw a balloon going 90 miles per hour. It was tied to a truck, so there was an explanation for it, but I don't know...
1486: 5.1841226: I've been looking out of a window for eighteen years, dreaming about what I might feel like when those lights rise in the sky. What if it's not everything I dreamed it would be?
25: 5.1837645: The reason your attention isn't great is because you haven't trained it. You keep switching through the channels of your mind and never stop long enough to really focus on one.
1907: 5.1820946: Weak or strong, clever or simple, we are all brothers. No animal must ever kill any other animal. All animals are equal.
4: 5.1799607: Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering.
1840: 5.17886: Come in search of treats have you? I chanced upon a unique little fungus growing right above us. I've found it only in this station and the taste is just divine.
1214: 5.1788425: I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right.
1600: 5.176697: To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person. Relationship is a process of self-revelation. Relationship is the mirror in which you discover yourself - to be is to be related.
1284: 5.1753616: Life consists of two days, one for you and one against you. So when it's for you don't be proud or reckless, and when it's against you be patient, for both days are test for you.
1147: 5.174934: I just want you to know that you're very special... and the only reason I'm telling you is that I don't know if anyone else ever has.
2039: 5.1740727: Shen, you've gotta let go of that stuff from the past because it just doesn't matter! The only thing that matters is what you choose to be now.
331: 5.173501: When a gentleman grew pressing in his attentions, she more than suspected his motives; and when she eventually declined him it was done with perfect, courtesy, but the glow of her eyes was at such times accentuated to a marked degree.
555: 5.1704907: Darling such a look, not an angry look: she showed him the great red tear that makes us so sorry for noble dogs, and crept into her kennel.
972: 5.169664: Move and I'll shoot!! I messed up. I mean, shoot and I'll move. In a flash.
1710: 5.164013: What can you do, thought Winston, against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself; who gives your arguments a fair hearing and simply persists in his lunacy?
260: 5.161286: When anxious, uneasy and bad thoughts come, I go to the sea, and the sea drowns them out with its great wide sounds, cleanses me with its noise, and imposes a rhythm upon everything in me that is bewildered and confused.
301: 5.160307: The relief she experienced when he informed her he was taking charge of her affairs and settling the debts which had worried her for three years was so great that she felt as though a heavy weight had been lifted from her heart.
2153: 5.159403: How thin and sharp is the moon tonight! How thin and sharp and ghostly white is the slim curved crook of the moon tonight!
373: 5.1516767: On the most moderate computation, the total value of these gifts could hardly be less than several hundred millions; never probably in the world's history had any treasury contained so rich a store.
146: 5.1512065: At moments of departure and a change of life, people capable of reflecting on their actions usually get into a serious state of mind. At these moments they usually take stock of the past and make plans for the future.
476: 5.1511126: There were minor variations from one manufacturer to another, but most typewriters followed the concept that each key was attached to a typebar that had the corresponding letter molded, in reverse, into its striking head.
929: 5.1480613: But now, as he stared at the starry sky, his thoughts began floating. Constantly thinking about himself, such a meagre and weak being like himself, living a life of constant fear and insecurity.
296: 5.1470423: There was a knock at the door, and she half turned in her chair to meet with a smile her stout landlady who came in carrying a tray on which stood a large cup of tea and two thick and wholesome slices of bread and jam.
1948: 5.142583: The animals were not certain what the word meant, but Squealer spoke so persuasively, and the dogs who happened to be with him growled so threateningly, that they accepted his explanation without further questions.
1206: 5.1423745: When people are protecting something truly precious to them. They truly can become... as strong as they need to be!
2006: 5.140404: The animals were weeding the turnip field. They worked diligently, hardly raising their faces from the ground, and not knowing whether to be more frightened of the pigs or of the human visitors.
1954: 5.13812: The human beings did not hate Animal Farm any less now that it was prospering, indeed they hated it more than ever.
1458: 5.138115: Mine was like this, but take away the jeep, the plane. Imagine it way smaller. Imagine a futon. I feel sad for this guy.
1451: 5.137357: Look, I'm not looking for a side gig as a Spider-Man coach. I got a lot going on in my dimension, like a lot.
381: 5.136399: Whether they were extravagant or thrifty, they were equally maligned, and, whatever the fortune they left behind them, they could be absolutely certain that, in a couple of generations, it would be entirely dissipated.
1251: 5.13588: So pretty, unconventionally pretty, had to work twice as hard to never hurt your feelings. No entry, trespasser of the century, trusting me is twice as hard, I can help you if you let me.
1502: 5.1336226: Then take this, so your family will know what you have done for me. And this, so the world will know what you have done for China.
796: 5.132597: Toto was not gray; he was a little black dog, with long silky hair and small black eyes that twinkled merrily on either side of his funny, wee nose.
694: 5.128113: Dougal led them along a sunk fence which divided the downs from the lawns behind the house, and, avoiding the stables, brought them by devious ways to a thicket of rhododendrons and broom.
621: 5.1250534: Western travellers, who have beguiled the midnight hour in the interesting process of pulling down rail fences, to pry their carriages out of mud holes, will have a respectful and mournful sympathy with our unfortunate hero.
2348: 5.1219735: As soon as Hunters sat foot inside, flames erupted on the numerous torches packed tightly on the walls all at the same time. Thanks to that, the interior brightened up considerably.
1776: 5.1210093: This next test is very dangerous. To help you remain tranquil in the face of almost certain death, smooth jazz will be deployed in three, two, one.
1951: 5.120902: And in many ways the animal method of doing things was more efficient and saved labour. Such jobs as weeding, for instance, could be done with a thoroughness impossible to human beings.
288: 5.119202: It's not about being right or wrong. There are more important things than that. That's why apologies and forgiveness become necessary.
44: 5.1184034: You sound like my nephew, always thinking you need to do things on your own without anyone's support. There is nothing wrong with letting the people who love you help you.
2136: 5.1170025: Charts look like they should work, but they don't. Everybody uses them anyway, just as everyone consults astrology columns in newspapers.
343: 5.115888: For two days and nights he neither ate nor drank, and during those two days and nights of torment, he accumulated a fund of wrath that boded ill for whoever first fell foul of him.
364: 5.1147346: Visiting all parts of the body, rebuilding and refreshing every spot it touches, the blood current also carries away from each organ the waste matters of which that organ has no longer any use.
336: 5.114706: Did they walk by the beach of a sea, where the hairy man gathered shellfish and ate them as he gathered, it was with eyes that roved everywhere for hidden danger and with legs prepared to run like the wind at its first appearance.
483: 5.1145706: Parton has said in interviews that when writing the song, to mimic the typing keys sound, she would run her acrylic fingernails back and forth against each other.
2323: 5.1088085: That's all well and good. But listen, people who know what pain is are kinder to others because of it. That's not the same thing as being weak.
438: 5.1060705: Wandering round the room he found a chisel, and upon the instant, in direct contravention of the treaty respecting rotting, he sat down and started carving his name on a smooth deal board which looked as if nobody wanted it.
739: 5.1057615: At length, however, a consignment of them was packed in openwork baskets between layers of dried wild banana leaves and slung up on deck in openwork crates so as to have plenty of air.
1545: 5.104875: Do you like how I walk? Do you like how I talk? Do you like how my face disintegrates into chalk?
553: 5.1044965: Then he lay down on the bed outside the coverlet, to vex her still more; for she had always tucked them inside it, because you never know that you may not grow chilly at the turn of the night.
292: 5.101719: He could not hope to sustain his part indefinitely; sooner or later he was almost bound to betray himself, and then he would have thrown away a vital chance in mere foolhardiness.
899: 5.1016397: You're over my head, I'm out of my mind thinking I was born in the wrong time, one of a kind, living in a world gone plastic. Baby you're so classic.
2011: 5.100899: There had also been a very strange custom, whose origin was unknown, of marching every Sunday morning past a boar's skull which was nailed to a post in the garden.
1659: 5.1008544: Lying on the pillows at the old 812 watching Harold and Maude. The record shops, the stickball fields - my home away from home. And when we weren't together - the hours on the phone. I'll always remember, those were the best of times. I'll cherish them forever. The best of times.
981: 5.098864: When he stepped into the room it was almost dark, with a feeling of being hushed and forbidding as in the sanctuary of an empty church after the funeral of a woman who died too soon, a sudden impression of static air and unnatural quiet.
444: 5.0923924: It happens more frequently, as has been hinted, that a scientific head is placed on an ape's body, a fine exceptional understanding in a base soul, an occurrence by no means rare, especially among doctors and moral physiologists.
1533: 5.092181: If you cling to being alive, you become frightened and your eyes get clouded. If you don't have that desire to begin with, you can fight on, right to the end of the world.
2307: 5.0913873: Saying no to a socially considerate adult is hard enough. If saying no to a socially considerate adult is like fighting a serpent, this would be like fighting a serpent but you can't use your arms or legs.
1909: 5.090652: Beasts of England, beasts of Ireland, beasts of every land and clime, hearken well and spread my tidings of the golden future time.
1162: 5.0879955: Reading was my escape and my comfort, my consolation, my stimulant of choice: reading for the pure pleasure of it, for the beautiful stillness that surrounds you when you hear an author's words reverberating in your head.
1025: 5.0859084: Any man who takes a forty minute train ride so those college kids can come in in the morning and their floors will be clean and their trash cans will be empty is an honorable man.
2000: 5.084666: Here Squealer's demeanour suddenly changed. He fell silent for a moment, and his little eyes darted suspicious glances from side to side before he proceeded.
131: 5.083921: You're used to being underestimated, so you want to prove yourself. Don't let that be your crutch. Accept help when you need it.
951: 5.0828495: When he puts a thing on a pedestal and calls it beautiful, he demands the same delight from others. He judges not merely for himself, but for all men, and then speaks of beauty as if it were the property of things.
1980: 5.0818434: But they saw now that the Commandment had not been violated; for clearly there was good reason for killing the traitors who had leagued themselves with Snowball.
1999: 5.0803475: The animals were all at work weeding turnips under the supervision of a pig, when they were astonished to see Benjamin come galloping from the direction of the farm buildings, braying at the top of his voice.
1704: 5.0732827: Once there was an explosion... A bang which gave rise to life as we know it. And then came the next explosion.
1008: 5.0717707: As he moves back towards the car, it glides slowly down the ramp on the outside of the building, then accelerates, and finally, on a particularly sharp turn, smashes through the wall, and flies off the building.
582: 5.068178: Yet when he at last arrived, the difficulty of applying them, the accumulations of my problem, were brought straight home to me by the beautiful little presence on which what had occurred had as yet, for the eye, dropped neither stain nor shadow.
35: 5.06702: Language is a labyrinth of paths. You approach from one side and know your way about; you approach the same place from another side and no longer know your way about.
2266: 5.06596: The choir struggled to stay with the caprices of the instrument that occasionally seemed to take on a personality all its own - rather like a horse from the camp stables taking the bit in its teeth and running off.
2008: 5.0651917: He would end his remarks, he said, by emphasising once again the friendly feelings that subsisted, and ought to subsist, between Animal Farm and its neighbours.
2122: 5.0575356: She sat staring at the orchestra through a dullness of thirty years, though the films made little by little, by each of the three hundred and sixty-five days in every one of them.
32: 5.0556087: Before creation there must be destruction. If my soul stands in the way, then I'll toss it aside. Yes, I have no choice but to move forward.
2313: 5.0539036: I am the storm that is approaching, provoking, black clouds in isolation; I am the reclaimer of my name, born in flames, I have been blessed; my family crest is a demon of death!
1689: 5.047843: When machines display emotions, they provide a rich and satisfying interaction with people, even though most of the richness and satisfaction, most of the interpretation and understanding, comes from within the head of the person, not from the artificial system.
2038: 5.0462847: Your story may not have a happy beginning, but that doesn't make you who you are. It is the rest of your story - who you choose to be.
843: 5.045059: There were all sorts of trees there, birches and beeches and baby oaks and hazels, and among them the cherry blossom had shone like snow and silver.
372: 5.044987: As if it were possible in these days for a young and hitherto unemployed architect suddenly to surround himself with wondrous carpets, and gold vessels, and gigantic jewels without attracting the notice of some enterprising journalist.
1591: 5.0416465: Nobody ever figures out what life is all about, and it doesn't matter. Explore the world. Nearly everything is really interesting if you go into it deeply enough.
177: 5.039688: You know dad, it disturbs me that this wagon has no seat belts and wouldn't survive a 30 mph impact with a stationary object.
1015: 5.0359244: The musicians interrupt their playing; a group of heavily armed horsemen, with banners and flying colors, ride up, reining their horses into the middle of the celebration.
956: 5.0348783: It fills me with revulsion I normally hold for plague vermin, or a beached whale, stuffed with expired mayonnaise left to rot in the scorching sun of a dying planet.
340: 5.0320625: What of the thin and rotten ice he had felt under his feet all day, it seemed that he sensed disaster close at hand, out there ahead on the ice where his master was trying to drive him.
1826: 5.03155: You could walk out of here with a hundred and twenty weighing down your bindle if you let us take you apart, put some science stuff in you, then put you back together good as new.
1020: 5.0300465: You and your friends better batten down the hatches, because when it hits you're all gonna wonder how you ever thought you could live so large and leave so little to the rest of us.
1733: 5.0299783: That's right. Man, are you hungry? I haven't eaten since later this afternoon.
69: 5.029735: If you do too much, people get dependent on you. And if you do nothing, they lose hope. You have to use a light touch like a safecracker or a pickpocket.
298: 5.027349: Then, before she realised what had happened, the big car ahead slowed and swung sideways, blocking the road, and the cab came to a jerky stop that flung her against the window.
904: 5.0243835: If you look at what you have in life, you'll always have more. If you look at what you don't have in life, you'll never have enough.
2345: 5.0229626: The truth was, no one here could figure out the current situation and so, their safety could not be guaranteed. However, the difficulty of this particular dungeon proved to be very low.
27: 5.0222487: Remember the code of the ice! Thick and blue, tried and true. Thin and crispy, way too risky.
120: 5.0184264: Ever had a flying burrito hit you? Well, it's a deadly projectile, right up there with cannonballs and grenades.
818: 5.01599: Generally speaking it is only required to move two or three pawns to allow all pieces to be developed, and it is good, on principle, to make only such pawn moves in the opening, which are necessary for the development of pieces.
1022: 5.0128984: A deep silence takes over quickly, like the type of silence that used to suddenly happen in school when you were taking a test and the radiator that you never even noticed was on would suddenly shut off.
102: 5.011671: There's a feeling I get when I look to the west. And my spirit is crying for leaving. In my thoughts I have seen rings of smoke through the trees, and the voices of those who stand looking.
536: 5.008981: This principle is indeed of fundamental importance; and it may with safety be affirmed, that the recent advances of pure analysis have been much assisted by the influence which it has exerted in directing the current of investigation.
1386: 5.0068994: Dead in the middle of Little Italy. Little did we know that we riddled two middlemen who didn't do diddily.
409: 5.005927: Even a feeble-minded man wants to be like other men. A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
1691: 5.0041156: In retrospect, I must admit that I was pretty arrogant. Once exposed, I was met with a flood of reproach and protest, and, in the end, I was forbidden to tidy anywhere but my own room.
1250: 5.000547: It's sad but true and tough for you, your brain's synaptic buzz is through, exist to die and still live on to haunt the ones who done you wrong.
810: 4.998413: Conscious of the inferiority of the pawns, the beginner does not conclude that it must be advantageous to employ the greater power of the pieces, but is chiefly concerned with attacking the opposing pieces with his pawns in the hope of capturing them.
1722: 4.997786: There were days of mistakes and laziness and in-fighting, and there were days, good days, when by anyone's judgment they would have to be considered clever.
1812: 4.9929266: Great work! Because this message is prerecorded, any observations related to your performance are speculation on our part. Please disregard any undeserved compliments.
338: 4.9921646: Down the neck and across the shoulders, his mane, in repose as it was, half bristled and seemed to lift with every movement, as though excess of vigor made each particular hair alive and active.
1353: 4.991228: Every superhero has a secret identity. I don't know a single one who doesn't. Who wants the pressure of being super all the time?
1160: 4.990866: Without access to true chaos, we'll never have true peace. Unless everything can get worse, it won't get any better.
2057: 4.9872932: And we'll be saying a big hello to all intelligent life forms everywhere... and to everyone else out there, the secret is to bang the rocks together, guys.
791: 4.985991: Plant scientists have grouped fruits into three main groups, simple fruits, aggregate fruits, and composite or multiple fruits.
2024: 4.984706: You believe I cannot pray with a single arm? A prayer comes from the heart. If the heart achieves the correct form, it becomes emotions and emotions can be manifested.
2004: 4.983825: But still, neither pigs nor dogs produced any food by their own labour; and there were very many of them, and their appetites were always good.
1001: 4.9828444: If the almighty had wanted you boys to think, he wouldn't have given you huge mandibles and a brain so small you'd misplace it if it wasn't trapped inside your head.
365: 4.980948: If you blew down the trunk you might stretch and swell out all the hollow leaves; when you left off blowing they would all fall together, and shrink up again.
413: 4.9759493: Well, it's no secret that the best thing about a secret is secretly telling someone your secret, thereby secretly adding another secret to their secret collection of secrets, secretly.
1797: 4.970888: You should now feel mentally reinvigorated. If you suspect staring at art has not provided the required intellectual sustenance, reflect briefly on this classical music.
994: 4.969529: I mean, we're not kids anymore, and it's silly to think that when we're three thousand miles apart we shouldn't be able to see other people and go out.
1118: 4.9624977: Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
1864: 4.961733: We are now cruising at a level of two to the power of twenty-five thousand to one against and falling, and we will be restoring normality just as soon as we are sure what is normal anyway.
1190: 4.961158: His brother John was sitting there on a chair, talking to two other men. He had grown fat, and sat with his hands on his knees like a chief.
1974: 4.9610925: They did not know which was more shocking - the treachery of the animals who had leagued themselves with Snowball, or the cruel retribution they had just witnessed.
725: 4.9581075: Paper made of properly prepared linen and cotton is by far the best, but there are so many new uses for paper that there are not rags enough in the world to make nearly what is needed.
2241: 4.9562197: Gossip tends to thrive on bad news, not good. Stories such as these spread through the camp and grew in our minds like tumors.
801: 4.9561653: Many of the pearls were larger than any which may be found upon earth, for the sea people knew where to find the very best and hide them away where men cannot discover them.
1227: 4.9544764: Highly successful people have three things in common: motivation, ability, and opportunity. If we want to succeed, we need a combination of hard work, talent, and luck.
1872: 4.9538517: When the sun go down it's the magic hour, the magic hour and outta all the colors that are still up the skies, you got green on your mind, I can see it in your eyes.
1189: 4.950738: I see only one hope for our country, and that is when white and black men, desiring neither power nor money, but desiring only the good of their country, come together to work for it.
1524: 4.9471602: You know, it's funny; when you look at someone through rose colored glasses, all the red flags just look like flags.
319: 4.9466825: Thrice he smote that strong, ironbound box, and at the third blow it burst open and a great heap of gold came rolling forth, gleaming red in the light of the torches.
184: 4.9455023: You must not use a calculator to work out definite integrals in your exam. You need to use calculus and show clear algebraic working.
1139: 4.9453316: I learned this, at least, by my experiment: that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
554: 4.9450116: Each feeling for a grip met the other's arm: in surprise they raised their heads; their faces were almost touching; so they met.
735: 4.9377265: To remove that, they are now put into great boilers full of steam; and here they cook and turn over, and turn over and cook for hours.
697: 4.9367456: A great fire of pine roots and old paling posts hissed in the fine rain, and around it crouched several urchins busy making oatmeal cakes in the embers.
836: 4.936319: I knew some other girls must have been here, and it gave me a homely feeling, as if you had only gone away for a few minutes, and might come back any time and talk to me.
1153: 4.9351454: I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle.
174: 4.934948: I breathed in my new surroundings. The air smelled different here, I don't know whether it was the desert air or the dry trees or just that I was far away from the stink of the city, but I liked it.
811: 4.934716: If, in moving two squares, a pawn traverses a square on which it could have been captured by a hostile pawn, that pawn has the right to capture it, as if it had moved only one square.
198: 4.934316: Spiking isn't just about slamming the ball to the floor. If you keep your cool, you'll be able to see what action to take.
1479: 4.931837: No! I won't stop. For every minute of the rest of my life I will fight. I will never stop trying to get away from you!
826: 4.930779: When Arthur starts to see stories in the stone, his life quickly becomes entwined with that of his namesake, the boy who pulls the sword from the stone.
973: 4.9300036: It is impossible to create something out of nothing. If one wishes to obtain something, something of equal value must be given. This is the law of equivalent exchange; the basis of all alchemy.
1472: 4.929946: I'm bad, and that's good. I will never be good, and that's not bad. There's no one I'd rather be than me.
1984: 4.9289474: The wheat crop was full of weeds, and it was discovered that on one of his nocturnal visits Snowball had mixed weed seeds with the seed corn.
607: 4.928142: Not far from this village, perhaps about two miles, there is a little valley or rather lap of land among high hills, which is one of the quietest places in the whole world.
2339: 4.921852: The Hunters who had arrived early sipped on the cups of coffee handed out by the Association's employee and shared cordial greetings with each other.
371: 4.9177127: They are no longer close against the diaphragm as they were before; and if you open the chest you will find that they have shrunk to the back of the thorax as you saw them in the first rabbit.
1242: 4.916375: Every single thing you try to hold will fade like a dying ember. Captured by the foul within the water, you will refuse surrender.
262: 4.9161124: We were talking about the space between us all and the people who hide themselves behind a wall of illusion, never glimpse the truth, then it's far too late when they pass away.
1207: 4.9142137: Those who forgive themselves, and are able to accept their true nature... They are the strong ones!
2305: 4.9112043: I just saw him. He probably didn't even know. He stood in his driveway for a minute or two and then went back into his house.
199: 4.911023: We're not hung up on winning or losing, so it'll be troublesome for you guys to lose. How about we throw the game for you?
862: 4.9058385: Because of the fact that oral reading is slower, more laborious for both reader and listener, and because of the present easy accessibility of printed matter, oral reading is becoming of steadily diminishing importance to adults.
1016: 4.904233: Four in the morning is always the worst time for me, just before dawn, just when you've been lulled into thinking it might be safe to close your eyes for one minute.
1947: 4.9022756: A special committee of pigs had been at work upon them for the past three weeks. The building of the windmill, with various other improvements, was expected to take two years.
1275: 4.900689: The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane.
229: 4.898603: Wouldn't it be nice if we were older? Then we wouldn't have to wait so long and wouldn't it be nice to live together in the kind of world where we belong?
318: 4.8981667: Ever and anon they rested, panting; then, after getting their wind, at it they would go again more fiercely than ever.
1187: 4.897081: He was grave and silent, and then he said sombrely, I have one great fear in my heart, that one day when they are turned to loving, they will find we are turned to hating.
488: 4.8969026: This may be done through a special key on the keyboard devoted to this task, or through some special combination of keys, or through software programs that do not interact with the keyboard much.
353: 4.8960376: For the rest of him, he was tall and spare, swarthy of tint as a gipsy, with eyes that were startlingly blue in that dark face and under those level black brows.
257: 4.8928995: I just reflect what I see. The truth. And the truth is... that you should see yourself right now.
1921: 4.8901253: With the worthless parasitical human beings gone, there was more for everyone to eat. There was more leisure too, inexperienced though the animals were.
1186: 4.888626: Wise men write many books, in words too hard to understand. But this, the purpose of our lives, the end of all our struggle, is beyond all human wisdom.
631: 4.888595: Harriet certainly was not clever, but she had a sweet, docile, grateful disposition, was totally free from conceit, and only desiring to be guided by any one she looked up to.
837: 4.8867793: It is one thing to play a piece from memory when you have the room to yourself, and quite another to play it with half a dozen girls hanging over the piano, and the rest of the audience sitting on their desks.
1957: 4.88387: Curiously enough, Clover had not remembered that the Fourth Commandment mentioned sheets; but as it was there on the wall, it must have done so.
513: 4.882483: Both parts of the problem are now known to be impossible; and the insoluble problem has now lost all special practical or theoretical interest, having become absorbed in wider ideas.
848: 4.8812857: She tried to be grateful, but she felt she would much rather have helped in whatever it was than have to spend her birthday afternoon by herself, no matter how glorious the surprise might be.
1129: 4.879516: I can't give you a sure-fire formula for success, but I can give you a formula for failure: try to please everybody all the time.
747: 4.8774304: Even the window panes could be made of pulp; and if they were not perfectly transparent, they would at least let in a soft, agreeable light, and they would not break.
809: 4.8760123: Most beginners do not trouble very much about any particular plan in their study of chess, but as soon as they have learnt the moves, rush into the turmoil of practical play.
1361: 4.874956: You're late. When you asked me if I was doing anything later, I didn't realize you'd actually forgotten. I thought it was playful banter.
1006: 4.8745446: I'm not saying this to upset you, but the sooner you realize that that whole phase of your life is over, and move on, the better off you're going to be.
1128: 4.8727846: In vain have I struggled. It will not do. My feelings will not be repressed. You must allow me to tell you how ardently I admire and love you.
2311: 4.8727036: Hearing this unexpected noise caused me to shoot up and spill my water, which was also a surprise because I didn't remember I was holding a cup of water, so it seemed like maybe I was being attacked.
2310: 4.8720455: As far as the animal can tell, this could be the first warning sign of a permanent and devastating change in lifestyle. But the only option they really have is to trust us.
763: 4.871961: Sometimes it did blaze, and sometimes it did not; but it was reasonably certain how the acid would behave, for it would always sputter and do its best to spoil some one's clothes.
571: 4.8642416: He was discernibly trying to take for granted more things than he found, without assistance, quite easy; and he dropped into peaceful silence while he felt his situation.
999: 4.8638663: Sometimes she tells me things from her childhood, then for hours she calls for help, and then an instant later she's giggling away to herself, or crying.
1011: 4.8630867: See, you'd eat like a slob if you were alone, but since another human being is present, you show that person respect by going to the trouble of having proper manners.
1029: 4.8589807: I miss the days where you had one phone number with one answering machine that housed one cassette tape and either the cassette tape had a message from the guy or it didn't.
299: 4.858422: She could not sleep, although she had tried hard, and most of the night she spent pacing up and down from window to door turning over the amazing situation in which she found herself.
480: 4.853057: This typewriter convention is still sometimes used today, even though modern computer word processing applications can input the correct en and em dashes for each font type.
890: 4.848448: The trapdoor above them blows away as if it were sucked off by a cyclone, out of the oculus, and into what looks like the stars of outer space.
1004: 4.8460574: They are the oil ministers of the richest countries in the world, and that twenty million bucks they're gonna have to pay isn't gonna break 'em you know.
749: 4.8426414: No one would guess that this white or creamy or azure liquid had ever been the dirty rags that came into the mill and were sorted on the wire tables.
1985: 4.841154: Tired out but proud, the animals walked round and round their masterpiece, which appeared even more beautiful in their eyes than when it had been built the first time.
895: 4.8398337: You may be an open book Spongebob, but I'm a bit more complicated than that. The inner machinations of my mind are an enigma.
500: 4.838249: In the buffer method, the typist looks at the source copy, mentally stores one or several sentences, then looks at the keyboard and types out the buffer of sentences.
2077: 4.83736: Urban legends are a type of wish. Because... In reality, the least interesting answer is usually the correct one.
1044: 4.836222: The son shall not bear the iniquity of the father, neither shall the father bear the iniquity of the son: the righteousness of the righteous shall be upon him, and the wickedness of the wicked shall be upon him.
728: 4.8356404: They are laid in heaps for a while, then hung in a warm room till the hair loosens and can be easily removed, then soaked in tannic extract and water.
601: 4.8353167: On one side of the church extends a wide woody dell, along which raves a large brook among broken rocks and trunks of fallen trees.
2107: 4.8344297: John, I can't make a thing out of this tax problem. I listen to one side and they seem right, and then I talk to the other side and they seem just as right, and here I am where I started.
253: 4.8341975: I have a dream, that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. I have a dream today!
1938: 4.8328648: It had come to be accepted that the pigs, who were manifestly cleverer than the other animals, should decide all questions of farm policy, though their decisions had to be ratified by a majority vote.
1914: 4.831132: A minute later all five of them were in full flight down the cart-track that led to the main road, with the animals pursuing them in triumph.
558: 4.8311152: Pale rays of light tiptoed across the waters; and by and by there was to be heard a sound at once the most musical and the most melancholy in the world: the mermaids calling to the moon.
2275: 4.8309193: There's a space port, and in that plump of dust there's a spice refinery: our two most vulnerable points. I want you guarding them.
1273: 4.830765: The only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle.
600: 4.828362: No signs of life occurred near him, but occasionally the melancholy chirp of a cricket, or perhaps the guttural twang of a bullfrog from a neighboring marsh, as if sleeping uncomfortably and turning suddenly in his bed.
989: 4.8263984: In about four days, you're gonna appear as a witness for the defense, and you're gonna tell the court exactly what you told me.
2074: 4.8228927: Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and, above all those who live without love.
559: 4.8217077: Steadily the waters rose till they were nibbling at his feet; and to pass the time until they made their final gulp, he watched the only thing on the lagoon.
744: 4.8210955: As fast as the wood is ground off, it is washed away by a current of water, and strained through a shaking sieve and a revolving screen which drives out part of the water by centrifugal force.
2400: 4.8210654: I went to the woods because I wished to live deliberately, to front only the essential facts of life, and see if I could not learn what it had to teach, and not, when I came to die, discover that I had not lived.
1083: 4.8206553: I can't help but repeat myself, I know it's not your fault. Still lately I begin to shake for no reason at all.
969: 4.812386: Wikipedia is the best thing ever. Anybody in the world can write anything they want about any subject, so you know that you are getting the best possible information.
276: 4.811145: It had taken him weeks to find his way into the great vault, and only the clues given by Murchison's reports had made it possible at all.
1277: 4.8110447: Ultimately, saying that you don't care about privacy because you have nothing to hide is no different from saying you don't care about freedom of speech because you have nothing to say.
422: 4.8099713: Darkness had no effect upon my fancy, and a churchyard was to me merely the receptacle of bodies deprived of life, which, from being the seat of beauty and strength, had become food for the worm.
1249: 4.808868: Let's fall in love for the night and forget in the morning. Play me a song that you like, you can bet I'll know every line.
2392: 4.805057: And so with the sunshine and the great bursts of leaves growing on the trees, just as things grow in fast movies, I had that familiar conviction that life was beginning over again with the summer.
486: 4.8050194: Given a sequence of jamo, there is only one unambiguous way letters can be validly grouped into syllables, so the computer groups them together as the user types.
576: 4.801768: But she was a magnificent monument to the blessing of a want of imagination, and if she could see in our little charges nothing but their beauty and amiability, their happiness and cleverness, she had no direct communication with the sources of my trouble.
2127: 4.801536: In the night, there's no need to hide! The joy in your eyes fills me with life, so let it shine!
2117: 4.8003526: She had come all the way in a day coach; her linen duster had become black with soot and her black bonnet gray with dust during the journey.
2139: 4.800176: A margin call is what alerts you to the fact that your life is going to ruin and that you never should have gotten into the market when you did, let alone on margin.
1094: 4.7955146: There's no shortcut to becoming strong. Even if you try to look strong on the outside, that thin layer will soon fall off.
575: 4.7947955: A very few of them, in fact, passing, in constant sight of my pupils, without a fresh incident, sufficed to give to grievous fancies and even to odious memories a kind of brush of the sponge.
889: 4.7921867: Hockstettler watches them leave, a cloud of dust in their place, then turns towards the darkest parts of the factory, as if pulled deeper into the core unconsciously.
2052: 4.791522: For this people's heart has become calloused; they hardly hear with their ears, and they have closed their eyes.
1478: 4.7877526: No. You were wrong about the world, and you were wrong about me, and I will never let you use my hair again!
55: 4.785178: I solved the question the same way I solved the challenges. As you said a long time ago, I had to open my brain to the possibilities. Bumi, you're a mad genius.
2291: 4.7847958: Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.
117: 4.7846317: You know that you've found something amazing, and you want to hold on to it forever; and every second after you have it, you fear the moment you might lose it.
1788: 4.782936: This next test applies the principles of momentum to movement through portals. If the laws of physics no longer apply in the future, God help you.
599: 4.7801266: His schoolhouse was a low building of one large room, rudely constructed of logs; the windows partly glazed, and partly patched with leaves of old copybooks.
1122: 4.774407: When we love, we always strive to become better than we are. When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.
562: 4.7740765: Of course no one really knows, but he quite seemed to know, and he often said stocks were up and shares were down in a way that would have made any woman respect him.
426: 4.7734933: He turned on hearing a noise, and perceiving me, shrieked loudly, and quitting the hut, ran across the fields with a speed of which his debilitated form hardly appeared capable.
719: 4.7734284: He has of course no use for a careless cutter, who would perhaps waste large pieces of leather; but even the tiniest scraps are of value for some purpose.
598: 4.7682467: A small wool hat rested on the top of his nose, for so his scanty strip of forehead might be called, and the skirts of his black coat fluttered out almost to the horse's tail.
1823: 4.76696: Don't touch anything else. Don't even look at anything else, just - well obviously you've got to look at everything else to find "escape pod", but as soon as you've looked at something and it doesn't say "escape pod", look at something else, look at the next thing. Alright?
1692: 4.766035: June in Japan is the rainy season. It is also traditionally the month for koromogae, when people change to summer clothes.
807: 4.7603793: On principle, and when he has the choice, the beginner should give preference to simple and clear development in the opening, rather than to the gain of a pawn, when this involves difficult and intricate play.
497: 4.7595897: The layouts are also used by people with full use of two hands, who prefer having one hand free while they type with the other.
380: 4.753014: Futvoye had already hurried her daughter away, and, though she had left her husband to express his sentiments unaided, she made it sufficiently clear that she entirely agreed with them.
1843: 4.7511487: If you expose a given fact and then you prove not to know absolutely nothing about a second element, that makes the first fact real, as it grants totality a more extensive existence.
1222: 4.75109: By looking at what's blocking our way, with an open mind, a wall can be turned into a wide-open door.
278: 4.750007: Human nature will not flourish, any more than a potato, if it be planted and replanted, for too long a series of generations, in the same worn-out soil.
280: 4.748114: He says no one but myself can help me out of it, that I must use my will and self-control and not let any silly fancies run away with me.
772: 4.7460833: Any compound event is similarly said to be conditioned if it is assumed that it can only occur under a certain condition, that is, in combination with some other event constituting, by its presence, that condition.
505: 4.7453494: Some use their fingers very consistently, with the same finger being used to type the same character every time, while others vary the way they use their fingers.
495: 4.743711: In such cases, each new language may require an additional label on the key, because the standard keyboard layouts do not even share similar characters of different languages.
873: 4.743119: While works of literary art should constitute a considerable portion of the reading program, they should not monopolize the program, nor indeed should they be regarded as the most important part of it.
401: 4.742741: You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose.
1809: 4.740616: Otherwise, I'm afraid you're about to become the immediate past president of the Being Alive club.
789: 4.739297: Fruits and vegetables that are not going to be cooked should be thrown away if they have touched raw meat, poultry, seafood, or eggs.
492: 4.7336864: A computer or standard typewriter keyboard, on the other hand, has four banks of keys, with home row being second from bottom.
665: 4.7320695: The garden was too overgrown and rank for walking in with ease, and after we had made the round of it twice or thrice, we came out again into the brewery yard.
906: 4.7318134: Becoming fearless isn't the point. That's impossible. It's learning how to control your fear, and how to be free from it.
847: 4.7309957: But you remember, young gentleman, stealing is stealing, and what's mine isn't yours, whether you call it mining or whether you don't.
907: 4.7263656: You never really understand a person until you consider things from his point of view. Until you climb inside of his skin and walk around in it.
564: 4.72011: Wendy was sitting on the floor, very close to the fire, so as to see to darn, for there was no other light in the nursery; and while she sat darning she heard a crow.
326: 4.7164335: And every once in a while a fish would leap and leave a splurge of bubble and foam behind that you would have sworn was an inserted lace medallion.
800: 4.7119923: I was created part man, part bird, part fish, part beast and part reptile, and such a monstrosity could not be otherwise than wicked.
2269: 4.7106295: My planet, Arrakis, is so beautiful when the sun is low. Rolling over the sands, you can see spice in the air.
819: 4.708119: A bell is not a hard thing to construct, and the time and money spent will be amply repaid by the more intimate knowledge of this useful piece of apparatus which will be gained by constructing it.
300: 4.7043: We found a blanket, and pillows, down there, and, as you say, it has obviously been a wine cellar, because there is a ventilating shaft leading up into the bushes.
376: 4.7032013: Secretly he was by no means looking forward to his next interview with her, but she appeared with his bacon and coffee in a spirit so evidently chastened that he saw that he would have no difficulty so far as she was concerned.
1787: 4.70312: This is art. You will hear a buzzer. When you hear the buzzer, stare at the art.
673: 4.70298: While we stood in the hut, he stood before the fire looking thoughtfully at it, or putting up his feet by turns upon the hob, and looking thoughtfully at them as if he pitied them for their recent adventures.
827: 4.702583: Their feet disturbed a deep dust upon the floor, and stumbled among things lying in the doorway whose shapes they could not at first make out.
1148: 4.700326: I just need to know that someone out there listens and understands and doesn't try to sleep with someone even if they could have. I need to know these people exist.
1496: 4.6999245: One moment, you seem to be missing something. This represents discipline. And this represents strength. You need both to reach the arrow.
846: 4.698947: However nice the person who is teaching you may be, lessons are lessons all the world over, and at their best are worse fun than peeling potatoes or lighting a fire.
487: 4.6987185: Visual layouts vary by language, country, and user preference, and any one physical and functional layout can be employed with a number of different visual layouts.
332: 4.6977444: The room was dark now save in the small radius of its amber glow; beyond that was darkness where panels and brasses blinked.
1958: 4.697579: And when, some days afterwards, it was announced that from now on the pigs would get up an hour later in the mornings than the other animals, no complaint was made about that either.
1488: 4.6972055: I won't take any chances, General. A single grain of rice can tip the scale; one man may be the difference between victory and defeat.
715: 4.69627: Below it he could dimly see a thick mass of ivy which would enable him to cover the further forty feet to the ground, but at that cave he stuck most finally.
474: 4.6929584: Candide gathered them up, ran to the master, and presented them to him in a most humble manner, giving him to understand by signs that their royal highnesses had forgotten their gold and jewels.
518: 4.6916265: Pappus proved also that the centre of gravity of a triangle is that of another triangle whose vertices lie upon the sides of the first and divide its three sides in the same ratio.
1195: 4.691067: Deep down the fear of a man who lives in a world not made for him, whose own world is slipping away, dying, being destroyed, beyond any recall.
1158: 4.6880774: Some tourists think Amsterdam is a city of sin, but in truth it is a city of freedom. And in freedom, most people find sin.
1188: 4.687197: But there is only one thing that has power completely, and that is love. Because when a man loves, he seeks no power, and therefore he has power.
1026: 4.6858172: It is an offence for any person to be present in any public place while intoxicated to such an extent as would give rise to a reasonable apprehension that the person might endanger themselves or any other in the vicinity.
43: 4.685507: Sometimes life is like this tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.
876: 4.6853743: Both school people and community should remember that since schools are to fit people for social conditions, and since these conditions are continually changing, the work of the schools must correspondingly change.
47: 4.682814: We are forever emitting sparks of imagination, so let's spark together. In every mind there is a piece of code that operates our creative functions.
225: 4.6823483: Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character.
855: 4.681443: After such a busy day, walking, talking, fighting, singing, and eating puddin', they were all asleep in a pig's whisper.
524: 4.6811748: These are ordinary single algebra, ordinary double algebra, and quaternions, from which the imaginary scalar is excluded.
1701: 4.6791883: I can hardly keep myself from screaming, have you ever heard anyone arguing like this, you nation of madmen?
291: 4.6789064: Whittington ordered a substantial lunch for himself and his companion; then, as the waitress withdrew, he moved his chair a little closer to the table and began to talk earnestly in a low voice.
439: 4.6764894: As regards every system of utilitarianism, one may at once assume that it has the same origin, and follow the scent: one will seldom err.
2224: 4.6740446: As previously mentioned, I had a tendency for tardiness, and was therefore rushing up the stairs of the school building. At that moment, a girl fell from the sky...
361: 4.673714: That her deck was deserted, though she had steam up, and from the volume of smoke pouring from her funnel was all ready to get under way made no impression upon him.
1930: 4.672696: The men gave a shout of triumph. They saw, as they imagined, their enemies in flight, and they rushed after them in disorder.
1002: 4.6706133: In light of his previous good work in this school, the sudden deterioration in his grades suggest a specific problem which should be addressed before his academic advancement is jeopardized permanently.
454: 4.670004: And jumping up and running to a handsome bureau with numerous little drawers, she began pulling out one drawer after another, looking for something with desperate haste.
2044: 4.669538: You're really lucky, you know that? You didn't have to wait your whole life to do something special.
699: 4.6687098: Before him was a tangle of bracken and scrub, and beyond that the gloom of dense pines; but as he could only see directly in front his prospect was strictly circumscribed.
786: 4.668618: Hannah 'felt in her bones' that it was going to be an unusually fine day, and she proved herself a true prophetess, for everybody and everything seemed bound to produce a grand success.
428: 4.663953: They loved and sympathised with one another; and their joys, depending on each other, were not interrupted by the casualties that took place around them.
1000: 4.662282: As they watch, the beautiful woman on the bench gets up and walks the few steps to the edge of the wooden platform and into the path of the train, disappearing from view between the wheels of one of the wagons.
2253: 4.6612725: From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends.
713: 4.6585317: Two hours of some sort of daylight remained, and the travellers had that impulse to activity which comes to all men who, after a day of exercise and emptiness, are stayed with a satisfying tea.
1923: 4.6581607: The reading and writing classes, however, were a great success. By autumn almost every animal on the farm was literate in some degree.
345: 4.656972: Frankness looked out from her hazel eyes which were set wide; commiseration repressed now the mischievousness that normally inhabited her fresh young mouth.
477: 4.6554737: The term originated when such compound documents were created using manual paste up techniques for typographic page layout.
866: 4.6552544: The proper teaching of geography requires an abundance of reading materials of the type that will permit pupils to enter vividly into the varied experience of all classes of people in all parts of the world.
872: 4.6530156: Those practically certain of going on to higher educational work requiring foreign languages and higher mathematics should probably be permitted to begin these studies by the sixth or seventh grade.
1937: 4.652269: In January there came bitterly hard weather. The earth was like iron, and nothing could be done in the fields.
894: 4.651645: Once there was an ugly barnacle. He was so ugly that everyone died. The end.
367: 4.6445684: The presence of valves in the veins, then, is one reason why the blood moves in one direction, but other reasons, and these the chief ones, are to be found in the heart.
974: 4.6437397: Have you ever seen a wild beast you were sure would not bite? Because I haven't.
441: 4.6428385: For the corruption, the ruination of higher men, of the more unusually constituted souls, is in fact, the rule: it is dreadful to have such a rule always before one's eyes.
1835: 4.6374426: History is a constant race between invention and catastrophe. Education helps but it's never enough. You also must run.
996: 4.6341696: In order to attract the bees, we need to offer them a wealthy individual who can be taken advantage of, someone special, someone new, someone amazing.
464: 4.6301627: She tried to follow me everywhere, and on my next journey out and about it went to my heart to tire her down, and leave her at last, exhausted and calling after me rather plaintively.
643: 4.6296606: That miserable man would seem for a time to have become convinced of his errors, when far removed from the scenes of his old offences, and to have lived a peaceable and honest life.
329: 4.62582: This was all very well; but they failed to make allowances for the inevitable quarrel and the subsequent spectacle of the gentleman contemplating suicide and the lady looking wistfully toward a nunnery.
1124: 4.6252227: Sometimes you have to be apart from people you love, but that doesn't make you love them any less. Sometimes you love them more.
1789: 4.6243773: Look at you. Sailing through the air, majestically. Like an eagle. Piloting a blimp.
871: 4.6207576: The use of interesting and valuable books for other educational purposes at the same time that they are used for drill in the mechanics of reading is coming more and more to be recognized as an improved mode of procedure.
101: 4.6148934: I'm prepared for any insane adventure life throws our way and I don't know about you, but I'm looking forward to every one of them.
456: 4.6148906: They are not servile, and even after two centuries of serfdom they are free in manner and bearing, yet without insolence, and not revengeful and not envious.
2101: 4.6139135: When she assured him that she had not kissed the other man, he knew she was lying - yet he was glad that she had taken the trouble to lie to him.
2312: 4.6129746: But because of the tumors and the fact that my blood tested positive for something related to cancer, they'd told me it was anywhere from maybe cancer to probably cancer.
78: 4.608486: I don't need you to respect me, I respect me. I don't need you to love me, I love me. But I want you to know you could know me, if you change your mind.
714: 4.6046333: Saskia ate heartily, speaking little, but once or twice laying her hand softly on her hostess's gnarled fingers.
563: 4.6044254: One arm dropped over the edge of the bed, one leg was arched, and the unfinished part of his laugh was stranded on his mouth, which was open, showing the little pearls.
1917: 4.603805: A unanimous resolution was passed on the spot that the farmhouse should be preserved as a museum. All were agreed that no animal must ever live there.
948: 4.6027102: Rather I think that a man who is willing to value learning as long as he lives, not supposing that old age brings him wisdom of itself, will necessarily pay more attention to the rest of his life.
596: 4.601864: Certain it is, the place still continues under the sway of some witching power, that holds a spell over the minds of the good people, causing them to walk in a continual reverie.
854: 4.6018577: Dora said she was quite right; then all of a sudden came one of those uncomfortable times when nobody can think of anything to say, so we sat and looked at each other.
794: 4.59974: They had hardly been walking an hour when they saw before them a great ditch that crossed the road and divided the forest as far as they could see on either side.
532: 4.599625: I shall in the following example employ this method, and shall only remark that those to whom it may appear doubtful, may verify its conclusions by the previous method.
2020: 4.594279: Kurama, there is no person who does not carry scars upon their heart, and if there were such a man, they would be a shallow soul.
1003: 4.5935845: She is terribly moved but, when she releases him from her arms to talk to him, she realizes that he has lost consciousness again and so was not sharing the same special moment as she.
908: 4.5931954: F is for friends who do stuff together. U is for you and me. N is for anywhere and anytime at all, down here in the deep blue sea!
742: 4.5917463: One separates the warp threads; one drives the shuttle between them; and one swings the reed against the filling thread just put in.
1570: 4.59118: Great learning comes from bright morality and affection for the people. To stop here is virtuous. Understanding where to stop brings stability, and with that comes peace. Peace brings with it serenity and clear thinking, with which you can achieve your goals.
689: 4.5876937: For a minute or two there was no sound but the wind, which had found a loose chimney cowl on the roof and screwed out of it an odd sound like the drone of a bagpipe.
1737: 4.583774: Spaces are the preferred indentation method. Tabs should be used solely to remain consistent with code that is already indented with tabs.
667: 4.579004: Our lights warmed the air about us with their pitchy blaze, and the two prisoners seemed rather to like that, as they limped along in the midst of the muskets.
870: 4.576034: It is only necessary for teachers to refuse to accept written work that contains any misspelled word to force upon students the habit of watchfulness over every word written.
1205: 4.5752387: Never give up without even trying. Do what you can, no matter how small the effect it may have!
339: 4.57348: In vague ways he remembered back to the youth of the breed, to the time the wild dogs ranged in packs through the primeval forest and killed their meat as they ran it down.
805: 4.571189: In the village were many boys and girls of her own age, but she never had as much fun playing with them as she had wandering by the sea accompanied by the old sailor and listening to his fascinating stories.
327: 4.567154: She felt that at that moment she could have looked at a gorgon, say, or a cockatrice, or any other trifle of that nature with infinitely greater composure.
730: 4.5665293: Before long it throws out threads from its spinneret, a tiny opening near the mouth, and makes a kind of net to support the cocoon which it is about to weave.
743: 4.565344: Another method used for cooking such woods as poplar and gum, is to boil the wood in caustic soda, which destroys everything except the cellulose.
1993: 4.564125: A too-rigid equality in rations, Squealer explained, would have been contrary to the principles of Animalism.
2159: 4.5633216: I may be dying, but I am surrounded by loving, caring souls. How many people can say that?
529: 4.5620713: But if other considerations are admitted, each of these cases will be resolvable into others, individually less extensive, the number of which will depend upon the number of foreign considerations admitted.
561: 4.5612283: First her voice grew strong, then she popped out of bed, then she was flashing through the room more merry and impudent than ever.
358: 4.5603113: It was evident that they had been dispatched to follow and bring back this party, and that the signal from the bank was one that had been determined upon before they left the village.
1973: 4.556968: Presently the tumult died down. The four pigs waited, trembling, with guilt written on every line of their countenances.
200: 4.556805: The game will be over if you beat him, so isn't it more fun having enemies you can't seem to defeat?
2308: 4.555551: Winters first snow blankets the remains of autumn. And inside the house, for the third morning in a row, there is poop just everywhere.
241: 4.5454483: No single thing is perfect by itself. That's why we're born to attract other things to make up for what we lack.
595: 4.544291: Just sufficient time had elapsed to enable each storyteller to dress up his tale with a little becoming fiction, and, in the indistinctness of his recollection, to make himself the hero of every exploit.
1018: 4.5427184: It's a difficult time for you, it's important that you find new interests, try new things, maybe things you'd never have considered trying before.
755: 4.5416527: Whatever clays are chosen, they must be prepared with great care to make sure that not one grain in them is coarser than any other.
370: 4.539676: Yet you know that, busy as seems the street, the turmoil and press which you see there are but tokens of the real business which is being carried on in the house.
1904: 4.53788: Is it not crystal clear, then, comrades, that all the evils of this life of ours spring from the tyranny of human beings?
134: 4.537539: Love and madness are two stars in the same sky. You cannot build a roof to keep out last year's rain.
1684: 4.536994: Never mind the appearances, she seems to be saying, just consider what reason tells you. Look at my argument with an open mind.
1628: 4.535278: Why, Jessie, you know he wouldn't last an hour on the streets of his condition. It's a dangerous world out there for a toy.
1095: 4.5345564: Home is behind, the world ahead, and there are many paths to tread through shadows to the edge of night, until the stars are all alight.
541: 4.5316887: By assigning an appropriate meaning to our symbols, all the equations we have discussed would admit of interpretation in hypothetical, but it may suffice to have considered them as examples of categoricals.
912: 4.530935: You are the only thing that can ease my mind on days like these. You are the only one that can take my mind somewhere else.
450: 4.529684: Smerdyakov drew his right foot up to his left, pulled himself up, but still looked at him with the same serenity and the same little smile.
823: 4.528545: The reason why alternating current is often used in place of direct current is that it can be sent over the wires for long distances more economically than direct current.
1423: 4.528102: Perry the Platypus! Oh, your persistence is insufferable. And by that, I mean completely sufferable.
1763: 4.5279284: When trying to think of a recursive way to solve a problem, try to think of when a recursive solution doesn't apply and see if you can use that as an edge case.
2200: 4.5277743: To bring about change, you must not be afraid to take the first step. We will fail when we fail to try.
867: 4.5243297: Naturally, students must have some familiarity with the general time relations of history and the general chronological movements of affairs before they can understand the more or less specialized treatment of individual topics.
1194: 4.5232186: Keep it, guard it, care for it, for it keeps men, guards men, cares for men. Destroy it and man is destroyed.
2035: 4.5204306: When the defendant has no lawyer, the court will assign one to him. Hey, anyone want to be his lawyer?
2148: 4.5200596: There are certain moments when silence falls over a racing track - and you know what that means.
2262: 4.517736: The little organ wheezed and gasped for breath, the young organist pumping the pedals furiously trying to keep the beat and the hymn alive.
498: 4.516702: An observation of this principle is that, for many people, when tapping fingers on a table, it is easier going from little finger to index than vice versa.
820: 4.516682: German silver has much more resistance than copper wire, and is used, therefore, because less will be required, and it will occupy a smaller space.
790: 4.514145: As excessive intake of added sugar is harmful and fruits are relatively high in sugar it is often questioned whether fruits are actually healthy food.
566: 4.511622: Grose immediately and violently entered, breaking, even while there pierced through my sense of ruin a prodigious private triumph, into breathless reassurance.
1247: 4.5111775: I know that you hate it, and I hate it just as much as you. But if you can brave it, I can brave it. Brave it all for you.
781: 4.5088024: But it was many years before he could induce anybody to finance it, though some of the wealthiest, and therefore supposedly wisest, business men of the day were asked to do so.
757: 4.5072465: Not many years ago all type was set in this manner; but several machines have now been invented which will do this work.
2226: 4.50573: They seem like flowers, yet, they will continue to bloom - even as the earth withers away.
1482: 4.5039635: Alright, listen, I didn't want to have to do this, but you leave me no choice. Here comes the smolder.
249: 4.503488: Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world... If you do so, you are insulting yourself.
1935: 4.5029836: On every kind of pretext she would run away from work and go to the drinking pool, where she would stand foolishly gazing at her own reflection in the water.
808: 4.499237: Every move or combination of moves should be carefully weighed, and the student should draw his own conclusions and compare them with what actually happens in the game under examination.
662: 4.498346: Startop had been spoilt by a weak mother and kept at home when he ought to have been at school, but he was devotedly attached to her, and admired her beyond measure.
193: 4.494748: Even if we're not confident that we'll win, even if others tell us we don't stand a chance, we must never tell ourselves that.
484: 4.4930468: For devices utilizing replaceable components, such as a typeball element, any association may be restricted to a specific element, rather than to the typewriter as a whole.
2104: 4.4919925: Riding in a taxi one afternoon between very tall buildings under a mauve and rosy sky, I began to bawl because I had everything I wanted and knew I would never be so happy again.
604: 4.4911914: When his story was concluded, there was much laughter and approbation, particularly from two or three deputy aldermen, who had been asleep the greater part of the time.
2065: 4.4904776: My life amounts to no more than one drop in a limitless ocean. Yet, what is any ocean but a multitude of drops?
322: 4.489802: In front of the door three merry fellows, a tinker, a peddler, and a beggar, were seated on a bench in the sun quaffing stout ale.
732: 4.48515: Its fifteen teeth are shaped like hooks, and it has seven accompaniments, the balance wheel, the hair spring, and five others.
1292: 4.4841037: A person that started in to carry a cat home by the tail was getting knowledge that was always going to be useful to him, and warn't ever going to grow dim or doubtful.
2235: 4.478344: There is nothing like looking, if you want to find something. You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after.
675: 4.4752307: If anything goes wrong, you are my ace in the hole. Honey, if you don't hear from me, you are on your own.
350: 4.473115: But since you chose war and opened fire on me with some damage to my ship and loss of life to five of my men, why, war it is, and your ship a prize of war.
1564: 4.4727416: Blackmail is such an ugly word. I prefer extortion. The x makes it sound cool.
1682: 4.4719486: Aristotle defined deduction as a piece of discourse in which 'certain things being stated, something other than what is stated follows of necessity from their being so'.
496: 4.470827: Several engineers devised hardware and software to remap the keyboard, which were used inside the company and even sold commercially.
740: 4.4699473: By the aid of this, every little warp thread or cluster of threads can be lifted by its own hooked wire without interfering with any other thread.
2230: 4.4698844: Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul.
1125: 4.468735: There's nothing like deep breaths after laughing that hard. Nothing in the world like a sore stomach for the right reasons.
499: 4.4636173: Dvorak layouts almost always place semicolon and colon together on a single key, and slash and question mark together on a single key.
203: 4.4623537: I don't know what kind of baseball you've been playing but the best pitches are works of art produced by the pitcher and the catcher working as one.
475: 4.460068: Pangloss owned that he had always suffered horribly, but as he had once asserted that everything went wonderfully well, he asserted it still, though he no longer believed it.
1014: 4.4592333: We're going to synchronize our efforts in order to cross the room and manipulate the bomb out of the room and into the water in order to diffuse the explosive impact.
430: 4.458413: Suddenly the broad disk of the moon arose and shone full upon his ghastly and distorted shape as he fled with more than mortal speed.
201: 4.4552298: Someone who can't see the opponent standing right in front of him, can't defeat the opponent that lies beyond!
616: 4.4530396: We searched long and without success for the fourth volume, but as the volumes were published at long intervals, it is probable that the former owner had only possessed the three.
648: 4.4517817: In the moment of realisation, after all his toil and waiting, you cut the ground from under his feet, destroy his idea, and make his gains worthless to him.
780: 4.4514203: So when he announces they are moving to some other neighborhood, city or state she acquiesces with better grace than other types.
1747: 4.4507527: In purely functional languages, a function has no side-effects. The only thing a function can do is calculate something and return it as a result.
864: 4.449152: In very early days, when community life was simple, practically all of one's education was obtained through participating in community activities, and without systematic teaching.
597: 4.448715: He who wins a thousand common hearts is therefore entitled to some renown; but he who keeps undisputed sway over the heart of a coquette is indeed a hero.
351: 4.448131: He would cast out the maudlin ideals by which he had sought to steer a course; put an end to this idiotic struggle to make the best of two worlds.
677: 4.4473414: The flare blazed up again as the flame caught a knot of fresh powder, and once more the place was bright with the uncanny light.
1196: 4.444662: A great iron structure rearing into the air, and a great wheel above it, going so fast that the spokes play tricks with the sight.
657: 4.442905: Leaving just room enough for the play of the oars, she kept alongside, drifting when we drifted, and pulling a stroke or two when we pulled.
1911: 4.4423423: These three had elaborated old Major's teachings into a complete system of thought, to which they gave the name of Animalism.
638: 4.442131: Gradually there arose before me the hat, head, neckcloth, waistcoat, trousers, boots, of a member of society of about my own standing.
2105: 4.4409647: Skyblock teaches us that no matter how ridiculous the odds may seem, within us resides the power to overcome these challenges and achieve something beautiful.
360: 4.4402475: All the time he listened intently for any sound which might indicate that the sailor or another were approaching his cabin; but none came to interrupt his work.
771: 4.4395313: When the said events are not independent, the final system of equations will possess, leaving in abeyance the principle of selection above stated, an arbitrary element.
490: 4.436769: Resulting text can then be pasted into other web sites or applications flexibly with no need to reprogram keyboard mappings at all.
356: 4.4366484: What it heard was no sound by the standards of human ears, yet to the highly attuned and delicate organs of the beast a message seemed to be borne to the savage brain.
1557: 4.4348135: But the night is darkest just before the dawn. And I promise you... the dawn is coming.
720: 4.4312224: It is now sifted through fine silk and mixed with water and finely powdered clay, and becomes a wet, inky mass.
760: 4.4306297: Books are sometimes bound in this way, but the backs are usually rounded into an outward curve, and the fronts into an inward curve.
269: 4.4281077: There is green mould in the grooves of the letters and yellow streaks on the marble, which come from more years than men could count.
813: 4.427031: Open lines for the pieces are the things that matter, and the fewer pawns there are left, the more open lines are available for the attack.
865: 4.4224167: It is a difficult task to make the science teaching vital and modern for the academic high schools, since they have so few contacts with the practical labors of the world.
195: 4.4222255: There's no match that you can't win, and there's no match that you'll win for sure.
1070: 4.4173975: In the deepest darkness, there are beasts who wear faces stolen from your memories and pluck at the strings in your heart.
615: 4.412193: There were, however, occasional open stretches, but during the rainy season, as at present, the grass was so high everywhere that it was difficult to find game.
22: 4.411341: The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
984: 4.410363: At the start of the trailhead we talked to a ranger who told us about a car that was parked in the area already for several days and that the owner might be missing in the canyon.
632: 4.4098554: I rang for the tea, and the waiter, reappearing with his magic clue, brought in by degrees some fifty adjuncts to that refreshment, but of tea not a glimpse.
1005: 4.4075894: Berrisford is familiar with both the neuromuscular problems a patient like this will encounter as well as the inevitable mental readjustment that will be required.
1705: 4.40558: There's no repatriation here, no. One of us dies, that's it. He goes to the other side.
614: 4.405431: When father went off into the wilds he was apt to be worried until he had done something which would in his mind justify the expedition and relieve it from the danger of being a fiasco.
1154: 4.40352: Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.
649: 4.401522: When he came to the low church wall, he got over it, like a man whose legs were numbed and stiff, and then turned round to look for me.
1142: 4.401203: The boy never cried again, and he never forgot what he'd learned: that to love is to destroy, and that to be loved is to be the one destroyed.
1563: 4.40118: We're here to make you laugh and think and smile and learn and sing, and laugh and learn and smile and think and other happy things.
2017: 4.400493: Matt says I could see the majestic beauty of the American Southeast if I'd bother to glance out the window.
65: 4.3982596: Space. It seems to go on and on forever. But then you get to the end and the gorilla starts throwing barrels at you.
359: 4.3971024: He had no desire to fight now, for he was upon a much more important mission than that of battling with every chance tribe that he should happen to meet with.
349: 4.393417: This council shall hold at once an impartial investigation into the affair, and the offender, the man guilty of having given provocation, shall be punished.
863: 4.3926854: The topics are important, but the time allowed is inadequate and the pupils of these grades are so immature that no final treatment of such complicated matters is possible.
189: 4.39172: If they adjust to me, I just have to adjust in turn. Whoever stops adjusting won't be able to continue forward.
696: 4.391445: Down in that green place the crystal water gushed and frolicked as if determined on one hour of rapturous life before joining the sedater sea.
1126: 4.38796: Lock up your libraries if you like; but there is no gate, no lock, no bolt that you can set upon the freedom of my mind.
787: 4.387847: Have regular hours for work and play, make each day both useful and pleasant, and prove that you understand the worth of time by employing it well.
840: 4.387679: A rainbow shines when the world is clearing up, and perhaps our little efforts, small as they are, show that things are moving in the right direction.
1203: 4.3849516: There are no weapons for this fight. There are countless laws of man and nature, and none of these is on your side.
62: 4.383809: True love isn't easy, but it must be fought for. Because once you find it, it can never be replaced.
1712: 4.383375: Until they become conscious they will never rebel, and until after they have rebelled they cannot become conscious.
567: 4.378937: The stamp of publicity had of course been fully given by her confinement and departure, and the change itself was now ushered in by our nonobservance of the regular custom of the schoolroom.
425: 4.3741665: I threw the door forcibly open, as children are accustomed to do when they expect a spectre to stand in waiting for them on the other side; but nothing appeared.
494: 4.372392: The layout divides the keys into two separate pads which are positioned near the sides of the screen, while text appears in the middle.
1028: 4.370214: Scientists believed humans would be unable to survive conditions of outer space, so flights by animals were viewed as an experimental precursor to human missions.
479: 4.369075: To overcome this limitation, users typically typed more than one adjacent hyphen to approximate these symbols.
2030: 4.366917: He's acting as foolish as a kitten... but then, everyone's entitled to a little foolishness once in a while.
485: 4.3664384: With a single keystroke, the typewriter was capable of automatically backspacing and then overstriking the previous characters with minimal marring of the paper.
1024: 4.3649607: I'm going to have to ask those of you not enrolled in the class to make your escape now or, for the next three hours be subjected to the mundities of eigenvectors.
1012: 4.3614235: Turns out, the short and very simple definition of a gentleman or a lady is: someone who always attempts to make the people around him or her feel as comfortable as possible.
56: 4.3605886: I know sometimes it hurts more to hope and it hurts more to care. But you have to promise me that you won't stop caring.
469: 4.359746: But you have not the same resources as we; certainly it is much better to devour your enemies than to resign to the crows and rooks the fruits of your victory.
171: 4.353537: He was wise enough to know that nothing ever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the outset.
2064: 4.353087: I want to see and understand the world outside. I don't want to die inside these walls without knowing what's out there!
290: 4.35293: He was probably about fifty years of age, his shoulders cringed a little as he talked, and his eyes, small and crafty, shifted unceasingly.
2399: 4.3523393: Why should we live with such hurry and waste of life? We are determined to be starved before we are hungry.
646: 4.3483777: His figure was a little ungainly, as in the days when my knuckles had taken such liberties with it, but it looked as if it would always be light and young.
635: 4.3478: There we stood, well squared up before it, shoulder to shoulder and foot to foot, with our hands behind us, not budging an inch.
1291: 4.3471303: Memories which someday will become all beautiful when the last annoyance that encumbers them shall have faded out of our minds.
669: 4.3463254: On examination it was pronounced that she had received serious hurts, but that they of themselves were far from hopeless; the danger lay mainly in the nervous shock.
289: 4.343834: I would rather look up to my superiors than have them look down on me. Ashamed either way; I will learn in the end.
874: 4.3425317: Adults have developed kinds of activities so complicated that youth cannot adequately enter into them and learn them without systematic teaching.
684: 4.3323336: His anxiety to get back to the scene of action was for the moment appeased, since he knew he was making as good speed as the weather allowed, so he had leisure for thought.
987: 4.3289: I don't have a right to ask this, and you can kick me out of your house if you want, but this is my profession and there's a part of me that can't let it go.
1779: 4.3287024: Federal regulations require me to warn you that this next test chamber... is looking pretty good.
815: 4.328141: With every pawn move it should be considered whether the squares protected by the pawn before it has moved may not need the support of that pawn at a later stage.
754: 4.326409: Tannin is now prepared in the forest and brought to the tanners, who put their tanneries where they please, usually near some large city.
701: 4.325274: We could always have got in there, but we didn't want to fuss an old lady, so we thought we'd try the inn first.
302: 4.3251047: The official listened patiently whilst the lawyer, with professional skill, marshalled all his facts, attaching to them the suspicions which had matured to convictions.
690: 4.3237424: Then he recanted that suspicion; there could be no mistake, except the fatal one that he had taken on a job too big for him.
188: 4.3223615: The last ones standing are the victors. Only the strongest. If you want to be the last one standing, become strong.
880: 4.320101: Too often the teachers do not realize that the study of drawing and design is for the serious purpose of giving to pupils a language and form of thought of the greatest practical significance in our present age.
762: 4.316216: Look at one under a magnifying glass, in a brilliant light, and you will see that the little fibers of which it is made shine almost like glass.
603: 4.3142786: Some seem to have but one vulnerable point, or door of access; while others have a thousand avenues, and may be captured in a thousand different ways.
650: 4.313882: Opening one of the windows after that, he looked out into the moonlight, and told me that the pavement was as solemnly empty as the pavement of any cathedral at that same hour.
459: 4.3123302: The delicate little people must have heard me hammering in gusty outbreaks a mile away on either hand, but nothing came of it.
1027: 4.3112288: We all have lived through difficult situations and are confronted with bad people from time to time, but by using our voice we can overcome our problems.
1218: 4.3103065: It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket.
860: 4.3087635: Liberty of conscience and the facility for establishing a new population on immense lands, as well as the advantages of the new government, will draw thither farmers and artisans from all the nations.
761: 4.3066063: All this work must be done merely to prepare the raw cotton to be twisted into the tiny threads that you see by raveling a piece of cotton cloth.
611: 4.3065057: They are given to all kinds of marvellous beliefs, are subject to trances and visions, and frequently see strange sights, and hear music and voices in the air.
328: 4.304253: Woods became quite certain that there was, at least, one thing she might be expected to rob him of, and wisely declined to mention it.
463: 4.300599: As the darkness thickened, the eddying flakes grew more abundant, dancing before my eyes; and the cold of the air more intense.
1120: 4.298489: I am nothing special, of this I am sure. I am a common man with common thoughts and I've led a common life. There are no monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten, but I've loved another with all my heart and soul, and to me, this has always been enough...
194: 4.2977242: Little by little, what you've begun will naturally become important to you. What you need at the start is a little bit of curiosity.
640: 4.297096: Pumblechook began again when he had recovered; folding his arms tight on his chest and applying the screw.
354: 4.2916083: She saw that the end was near, and though she was terrified at contemplation of her loss, still she hoped that it would come quickly now and end the sufferings of the little victim.
520: 4.287317: He shows that the number of grains in a heap of sand not only as large as the whole earth, but as large as the entire universe, can be arithmetically expressed.
995: 4.2816787: You've been telling me all summer that it's time to pull your head out of the sand and take a look at the big, beautiful world out there.
859: 4.2805367: The strategy of a campaign or of a single battle is a highly technical, and usually a highly controversial, matter about which experts differ widely.
993: 4.279334: He was just a country boy who thought that even the plainest, poorest man can be governor if his fellow citizens find he's got the stuff for the job.
202: 4.272008: I'm not as tall or as strong as the others, but batting isn't just about power. I want to be a batter that pitchers are afraid to face in a pinch.
2352: 4.270812: We lost ourselves. Lost our dream. In the pursuit of great, we failed to do good.
314: 4.270343: At the end of that time, he reappeared; but now, he was accompanied by an elderly woman, and a large number of donkeys, laden with various articles.
779: 4.267376: The thing we have called intuition, they maintain, is not due to irregular or supernatural causes but to our own normal natural mental processes.
1349: 4.2667828: Finally! I never should have trusted you with this. Because of you, I had to banish my top scarer!
687: 4.2644506: Not a soul should ever hear of it, but he saw himself in the future tramping green roads or sitting by his winter fireside pleasantly retelling himself the tale.
399: 4.255718: Sometimes I'll start a sentence and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
197: 4.2547865: Even if a game doesn't seem clearable at first, after playing it over and over again, you can conquer it.
538: 4.244477: An expression in which they are involved will be called an elective function, and an equation of which the members are elective functions, will be termed an elective equation.
620: 4.239161: In fact, she dismissed the matter from her mind, without a second thought; and being occupied in preparations for an evening visit, it passed out of her thoughts entirely.
1698: 4.2368846: Dilemmas were posed, self-contradictions were alleged, unwelcome consequences were deduced.
663: 4.2368526: We went on our way upstairs after this episode; and, as we were going up, we met a gentleman groping his way down.
548: 4.2355447: Even when she heard the sound of muffled oars, though her heart was in her mouth, she did not waken them.
589: 4.2353206: I am the lucid dream. The monster in your nightmares. The fiend of a thousand faces.
868: 4.2300344: To bring one's nature to full maturity, as represented by the best of the adult community in which one grows up, is true education for life in that community.
625: 4.229943: And at last, as if resolved to qualify his opinion completely for travelling round to its object, he wound it all up with astonishment at the youth and beauty of her person.
573: 4.226377: His eyebrows are, somehow, darker; they look particularly arched and as if they might move a good deal.
1989: 4.2261744: A mighty cry for vengeance went up, and without waiting for further orders they charged forth in a body and made straight for the enemy. This time they did not heed the cruel pellets that swept over them like hail.
652: 4.2259436: Now and then, the sound of the signal cannon broke upon us again, and again rolled sulkily along the course of the river.
472: 4.224003: Pitying the poor, he would have shown us poverty as a ridiculous anachronism, and both the ridicule and the pity would have expressed his indignation.
348: 4.217718: His great face was yellow and seemed in that moment of a preternatural flabbiness; his beady eyes were beadier than ever.
2317: 4.216116: Recognition is identifying items previously learned. A multiple-choice question tests your recognition.
655: 4.2142334: Here and there, the set of the current had worn down the bank into a little creek, and we were all suspicious of such places, and eyed them nervously.
1714: 4.213142: The creatures outside looked from pig to man, and from man to pig, and from pig to man again; but already it was impossible to say which was which.
324: 4.212737: But now no shout went up for the stranger, but an angry murmur was heard among the crowd, so easily had he won the match.
304: 4.2118764: He was a short, pulpy man with eyes that looked as though they had seen stars topple and blinked for the dryness.
756: 4.206755: Spiders spin a lustrous fiber, and it is said that a lover of spiders succeeded, by a good deal of petting and attention, in getting considerable material from a company of them.
258: 4.206734: You're the most beautiful woman in the world... whether my eyes are open or closed.
551: 4.2047114: They knew in what they called their hearts that one can get on quite well without a mother, and that it is only the mothers who think you can't.
1217: 4.201519: If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
2229: 4.198444: When things aren't working out for people, the end of the world seems like an easy way to wipe the slate clean.
734: 4.1977177: These are heated, the gloves are drawn upon them, and in a moment they have shape and finish, and are ready to be inspected and sold.
1873: 4.196733: Won't you take me home, and give me wings to fly? We could be alone in the castle in the sky.
707: 4.195052: As he looks at the ancient tents, the humble equipment, the ring of small shockheads, a great tenderness comes over him.
1833: 4.1921887: Without change something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken.
997: 4.191174: I really want him to see how good this is going to be for the community, how ready we are for this opportunity, and he can see how far his dollar will go.
293: 4.1886544: Although she felt fairly confident that he would not recognize her, yet she would have been better pleased had the guest proved to be a total stranger.
647: 4.188585: Over and over and over again, we would make these journeys, and sometimes they would last as long as three hours at a stretch.
377: 4.1885343: Just over the rim of the dome he could see the opaque white top of a lamp on a shelter, where a pigmy constable stood, directing the traffic.
702: 4.1821127: Presently these excrescences were revealed as linen bags sewn on to his shirt, and fitting into the hollow between ribs and hip.
2309: 4.182041: Then there it was: the answer. Standing on the other side of the door with a face full of frozen horse poop.
508: 4.1809993: We are evidently advancing towards the desired uniform definition which does not go out of the plane; but have not yet quite attained to uniformity.
685: 4.178865: After the hubbub of the barricades the ominous silence was like icy water, chilling and petrifying with an indefinable fear.
539: 4.1787105: No inconsiderable part of the pleasure which we derive from the application of analysis to the interpretation of external nature, arises from the conceptions which it enables us to form of the universality of the dominion of law.
853: 4.178289: The banquet was long; there were all sorts of nice things to eat, and everybody seemed to eat and drink a good deal.
1856: 4.176546: The practical upshot of all this is that if you stick a Babel fish in your ear you can instantly understand anything said to you in any form of language.
949: 4.1764708: The point which I should first wish to understand is whether the pious or holy is beloved by the gods because it is holy, or holy because it is beloved of the gods.
572: 4.174289: We waited in fact till two nights later; but that same evening, before we scattered, he brought out what was in his mind.
695: 4.1740117: She took the big pot off the fire and allowed it to simmer, and presently she fetched her boots and umbrella, and kilted her petticoats.
2005: 4.172544: After that it did not seem strange when next day the pigs who were supervising the work of the farm all carried whips in their trotters.
767: 4.170701: On the other hand, all the particular things there are in the world would have to have names which would be included among undefined symbols.
822: 4.169733: Telephony involves some very delicate and sensitive vibratory mechanical and electrical actions, and such instruments must be very carefully made.
671: 4.168321: Estella smiled with perfect composure, and said she had no doubt of my having been quite right, and of her having been very disagreeable.
2130: 4.1671352: When the skimmer feels a fish bump against its mouth, it instantly snaps its bill shut, catching the fish. Then it quickly eats the fish and puts its lower bill back in the water to catch something else.
886: 4.1650896: We know that you, as a bee, have worked your whole life to get to the point where you can work for your whole life.
521: 4.163747: His mode of working was, first to concentrate his powers upon a special problem, then to solve separately all problems growing out of the first.
1827: 4.163394: Congratulations! The simple fact that you're standing here listening to me means you've made a glorious contribution to science.
2047: 4.162683: Prometheus was punished by the gods for giving the gift of knowledge to man. He was cast into the bowels of the earth and pecked by birds.
320: 4.1615987: I shall take it with me, for it will be better used for charity and the good of my merry band than in the enriching of such knaves as these.
461: 4.16021: And close behind, and overtaking it, and overflowing it, the dawn came, pale at first, and then growing pink and warm.
676: 4.1583657: They selected a cottage whiter and neater than the others, which stood at a corner, where a narrow lane turned southward.
656: 4.1551256: Some bright jewels sparkled on her neck and on her hands, and some other jewels lay sparkling on the table.
1161: 4.1545043: It's pathetic how we can't live with the things we can't understand. How we need everything labeled and explained and deconstructed.
834: 4.150387: So long as we have each other we've got the best thing in life, and we must all cling together as a family, and help one another on.
793: 4.1500983: On average richer nations tend to be happier than poorer nations, but this effect seems to diminish with wealth.
511: 4.1487656: The result of this continual elimination of definite numbers by successive layers of parameters is that the amount of arithmetic performed by mathematicians is extremely small.
502: 4.1480966: Although good accuracy may be achieved, any typing errors that are made may not be noticed immediately due to the user not looking at the screen.
935: 4.137866: Sometimes we know people who are too wonderful for words. I am not one of them. Or you, for that matter, as you well know.
723: 4.136786: Down below it are some rolls between which the thread from the bobbin passes to a second bobbin which is fast on a spindle.
504: 4.1328497: There is also the disadvantage that because fewer fingers are used, those that are used are forced to move a much greater distance.
317: 4.1321597: It has occurred to me, that they may have broken loose from the sun's attraction, and whirled away into space.
2227: 4.127705: Before I died that day, was it Heaven that I saw or could it have been Hell?
1137: 4.1271114: A towel is about the most massively useful thing an interstellar hitchhiker can have.
681: 4.1270633: You can always get at me there, for it's easy to slip into her back kitchen without anybody in the village seeing you.
1976: 4.125394: It was a clear spring evening. The grass and the bursting hedges were gilded by the level rays of the sun.
1532: 4.1248255: Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
26: 4.123102: I'm not trying to freak you out, but I'm a little bit freaked out right now.
279: 4.121332: The page of life that was spread out before me seemed dull and commonplace, only because I had not fathomed its deeper import.
307: 4.1204486: This soldier carried a long green gun over his shoulder and had lovely green whiskers that fell quite to his knees.
1199: 4.1191187: The tragedy is not that things are broken. The tragedy is that they are not mended again.
501: 4.117931: This eliminates frequent up and down motions with the head and is used in typing competitions in which the typist is not well versed in touch typing.
384: 4.1161585: More carefully now, with his mind inside the amphibian, he examined the structure of its brain and nervous and muscular systems.
785: 4.116079: The childless old lady had offered to adopt one of the girls when the troubles came, and was much offended because her offer was declined.
313: 4.1128373: There was no need to be afraid of the creature; the bars were strong, and there was little danger of its being able to move them.
857: 4.11256: Unfortunately, in the hurry of leaving home, he had forgotten to provide himself with food, and at lunch time found himself attacked by the pangs of hunger.
525: 4.112517: There is indeed great doubt as to whether the quaternionic product can claim a necessary and fundamental place in a system of vector analysis.
746: 4.111612: Currents of air now play upon the splint, and in about ten minutes the glue and rosin on one end of it have hardened into a hard bulb.
721: 4.110658: Cards of paper or thin metal are made for each pattern, leaving a hole wherever the hook is to slip through and lift up a thread.
708: 4.1095595: I will not dwell on his leisurely progress in the bright weather, or on his luncheon in a coppice of young firs, or on his thoughts which had returned to the idyllic.
1155: 4.1094127: Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moment's torture.
250: 4.1052017: I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it.
838: 4.1051784: Every girl who does her duty at school is helping her country, because she is making herself efficient to serve it in some capacity.
357: 4.105038: At dawn he stopped to feed, and then he slept for several hours, taking up the pursuit again toward noon.
733: 4.103552: There are many exceedingly cheap pencils, but they are expensive in the end, because they are poorly made.
471: 4.103192: The following day they rummaged among the ruins and found provisions, with which they repaired their exhausted strength.
737: 4.097208: Something else happens to the cotton while it is in the machine, for a current of air is passing through it all the while, and this blows out the dust and bits of rubbish.
1220: 4.0960736: Humans are suspicious and jealous creatures. When they see something perfect, they wanna find a flaw.
1136: 4.09481: In the beginning the universe was created. This has made a lot of people very angry and has been widely regarded as a bad move.
1010: 4.0920105: My wedding ring, the symbol of fidelity to my wife, soon to be the mother of my child, was now lost in the gut of an uncatchable fish.
507: 4.091095: Then a line drawn with the proper number of inches of length in the proper direction represents the required vector on the arbitrarily assigned scale of magnitude.
706: 4.0898848: Never in his experience had he felt like this, this foolish childish panic which took all the colour and zest out of life.
659: 4.0889564: What would alone have set a division between that man and us, if there had been no other dividing circumstance, was his triumph in my story.
797: 4.088567: When she had finished her meal, and was about to go back to the road of yellow brick, she was startled to hear a deep groan near by.
560: 4.0884376: While that smile was on his face no one dared address him; all they could do was to stand ready to obey.
3: 4.088268: I sometimes think drivers don't know what grass is, or flowers, because they never see them slowly.
727: 4.087677: The silk is taken off the reel, and the skeins are packed up in bales as if it were of no more value than cotton.
930: 4.0873895: Can you imagine an imaginary menagerie manager imagining managing an imaginary menagerie?
465: 4.0794597: That is what dismayed me: the sense of some hitherto unsuspected power, through whose intervention my invention had vanished.
1959: 4.0791354: Yes, there it lay, the fruit of all their struggles, levelled to its foundations, the stones they had broken and carried so laboriously scattered all around.
272: 4.0789533: It was evident that something very exciting was either happening or expected, but though I asked each passenger, no one would give me the slightest explanation.
724: 4.07332: If you look closely at the outside of a steel pen just above the nib, you will see that across it run tiny lines.
844: 4.072187: They are getting ready to fly away from cold winds and keen frost to the land where it is always summer.
449: 4.068945: There were pictures on the walls, vases and lamps on the tables, masses of flowers, and even an aquarium in the window.
247: 4.068564: There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
550: 4.068405: This puzzled the pirates, but all their other feelings were swallowed by a base delight that the enemy were about to come up the trees.
208: 4.0656023: There is no shortcut to glory. A player who cannot distinguish between assertiveness and arrogance play is not needed by the team.
473: 4.06155: I have fought in defence of them; and above eight hundred of my adherents have been hanged, drawn, and quartered.
455: 4.0584006: But for that ending a quite different anxiety arose, a new, incidental, but yet fatal and insoluble difficulty presented itself.
773: 4.0571175: It is a method sufficiently simple in theory, but it has the inconvenience of rendering the subsequent processes of elimination and development, when they occur, somewhat tedious.
445: 4.053543: With these conceits, they take control of the needy as a property, just as in general they are charitable and helpful out of a desire for property.
544: 4.0525227: From the circumstance that the processes of algebra may be applied to the present system, it is not to be inferred that the interpretation of an elective equation will be unaffected by such processes.
369: 4.051982: But this coming forward of the sternum means a widening of the chest from back to front, and the falling back of the sternum means a corresponding narrowing.
421: 4.0493274: I will make you queen of everything you see, I'll put you on a map, I'll cure you of disease.
453: 4.0432897: Yet for more than a fortnight afterwards, he came to me every evening, still preparing himself, still unable to bring himself to the point.
593: 4.0426393: Peter sat down to rest; he was out of breath and trembling with fright, and he had not the least idea which way to go.
654: 4.0415864: Pocket did not object to this arrangement, but urged that before any step could possibly be taken in it, it must be submitted to my guardian.
842: 4.0335526: To the children it almost seemed as though the train itself was alive, and was at last responding to the love that they had given it so freely and so long.
693: 4.033533: If we can stick it out here long enough, we may trap the whole push and rid the world of a pretty gang of miscreants.
543: 4.031452: And it is further to be borne in mind, that although three different forms are given for the expression of each of the particular propositions, everything is really included in the first form.
435: 4.027675: It gives the discoverer a weird, lost feeling, as if he had stopped dead while all the rest of the world had moved on at the usual rate.
355: 4.0260305: They had done their best, and now he was sure they would doubtless remain to die with him in a fruitless effort to defend him.
312: 4.025035: From somewhere, higher up the path, a stream of water was running quickly in the direction of the great opening, and growing in size every second.
1135: 4.0210433: I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.
1009: 4.017996: Tell him to run north, to the next village, and to the next village after that, tell him to tell everyone that soon we come.
1145: 4.017545: I am very interested and fascinated how everyone loves each other, but no one really likes each other.
613: 4.015526: This has ever since been considered a haunted stream, and fearful are the feelings of the schoolboy who has to pass it alone after dark.
168: 4.014581: It is true that those we meet can change us, sometimes so profoundly that we are not the same afterwards, even unto our names.
804: 4.012345: The water grew a darker blue as they descended into its depths, farther and farther away from the rays of the sun.
437: 4.0097175: The housemaster walked to the window, looked out, returned to the mantelpiece, and shifted the position of a china vase two and a quarter inches to the left.
816: 4.0093107: If a player succeeds in winning in spite of an inferior opening, it only proves that subsequently he has played a stronger game than his opponent, who, after playing the opening according to the book, did not know how to proceed further.
1699: 4.007434: Anything which people argue about, any subject of investigation or intellectual reflection, a Sceptic must leave open to question.
704: 4.0066276: That everybody should be in love with her appeared to him only proper, for he had never met her like, and assumed that it did not exist.
1554: 4.002205: You want to have a future where you're expecting things to be better, not one where you're expecting things to be worse.
493: 4.000962: There are keyboards with two parallel sets of characters labeled on the keys, representing alternate alphabets or scripts.
651: 4.000225: Dinner over, we produced a bundle of pens, a copious supply of ink, and a goodly show of writing and blotting paper.
825: 3.9994276: The energy consumed in the sun and thrown off in the form of heat is so great that it makes any earthly thing seem infinitesimal.
1940: 3.9991372: In the long pasture, not far from the farm buildings, there was a small knoll which was the highest point on the farm.
424: 3.997418: You throw a torch into a pile of buildings, and when they are consumed, you sit among the ruins and lament the fall.
1213: 3.9961681: Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
839: 3.9955506: Ingred was a good reader for a girl of fifteen, but she surpassed herself on this occasion, and seemed to accomplish the difficult passages almost by instinct.
879: 3.9941485: Naturally much of the elementary science to be taught should be introduced in connection with practical situations in kitchen, school garden, shop, sanitation, etc.
547: 3.9901915: So great indeed was their faith in a mother's love that they felt they could afford to be callous for a bit longer.
570: 3.990051: She left it, at the end of the year, to go home, as she said, for a short holiday, to which the time she had put in had certainly given her a right.
845: 3.9875422: It is unusual to begin the day with cold apple pie, but the children all said they would rather have it than meat.
856: 3.9865954: Bill was a small man with a large hat, a beard half as large as his hat, and feet half as large as his beard.
303: 3.9793084: He will merely be around to make the beds, help you dress and perform any other little services you may desire.
668: 3.9786086: Joe was a very clean housekeeper, but had an exquisite art of making her cleanliness more uncomfortable and unacceptable than dirt itself.
2110: 3.9779391: No, I do not weep at the world - I am too busy sharpening my oyster knife.
378: 3.9770443: This is an article which by some mistake has been omitted from the catalogue, though it ought to have been in it.
442: 3.9757297: The noble soul gives as he takes, prompted by the passionate and sensitive instinct of requital, which is at the root of his nature.
858: 3.9743268: After they had eaten as much as they wanted, the things were put away in the bag, and they settled down comfortably for the evening.
368: 3.9735506: When there is a hole in the chest wall, pulling the diaphragm down does not make any difference to the pressure outside the lungs.
578: 3.9729326: I felt a sick swim at the drop of my victory and all the return of my battle, so that the wildness of my veritable leap only served as a great betrayal.
509: 3.9695916: Everywhere order reigns, so that when some circumstances have been noted we can foresee that others will also be present.
768: 3.9678478: In the second and third cases, the two boundaries are identical; in the first, they are consecutive terms of the series.
6: 3.965865: A process cannot be understood by stopping it. Understanding must move with the flow of the process, must join it and flow with it.
891: 3.9630182: With the loss of his brother hitting him full force, he closes his eyes to fight back the tears, but cannot.
774: 3.9628925: If you have talents fitting you for such vocations you are lucky, for these are the ones for which there is the greatest demand.
1700: 3.9594321: One should strive to appreciate the beauty in the visible world, he said, for this world is after all a manifestation or emanation of the One.
273: 3.9592009: I thought at the time that I must be dreaming when I saw them, for, though the moonlight was behind them, they threw no shadow on the floor.
764: 3.957977: Bits of leaves and stems are mixed in with the cotton, and even some of the smaller seeds which have slipped through the gin.
268: 3.9579558: What punishment awaits us if it be discovered we know not, for no such crime has come in the memory of men and there are no laws to provide for it.
617: 3.956716: My personal baggage consisted of my washing kit, an extra pair of shoes, a change of socks, and a couple of books.
1164: 3.9528315: All men contain several men inside them, and most of us bounce from one self to another without ever knowing who we are.
698: 3.952485: Love to her was only a word of ill omen, a threat on the lips of brutes, an extra battalion of peril in an army of perplexities.
530: 3.951793: The lawful cases of the second class are those in which a particular conclusion only is deducible from two universal premises.
557: 3.9507732: She saw recognition come into his eyes as he was about to pass them the time of day and go on; once even she had to call him by name.
462: 3.9493856: To adorn themselves with flowers, to dance, to sing in the sunlight: so much was left of the artistic spirit, and no more.
534: 3.9492428: Among the cases in which no inference was possible, it was found, that there were two distinct forms of the final equation.
533: 3.9460258: In discussing the second, and scarcely less momentous question of the influence of the use of symbols upon the discipline of the intellect, an important distinction ought to be made.
882: 3.942579: He no longer thought that he knew all there was to know, but he did his very best to try to learn all there was for a wise deer to know.
703: 3.942548: Through the narrow entrance the gale blew as through a funnel, and the usually placid waters of the harbour were a mass of angry waves.
686: 3.9405031: At a distance of a mile or so a railway ran parallel to the road, and he could see the smoke of a goods train waiting at a tiny station islanded in acres of bog.
705: 3.9392424: Spidel fared no better, and the little group on the upper landing saw the two shrug their shoulders and make for the door.
515: 3.9390852: Meanwhile the events of this physical universe succeed each other according to the mathematical laws which ignore all special sensations and thoughts and emotions.
998: 3.9379926: I mean, she's obviously a very smart woman, but she has a lot of trouble functioning in a world she can't control.
1232: 3.9368622: As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others.
1983: 3.9361525: As the summer wore on, and the windmill neared completion, the rumours of an impending treacherous attack grew stronger and stronger.
452: 3.9299996: She was kneeling and gazing with a fixed stare at the elder; there was something almost frenzied in her eyes.
624: 3.9247446: She will grow just refined enough to be uncomfortable with those among whom birth and circumstances have placed her home.
835: 3.924493: The fact that the girls were restive made the teachers more strict, and that in its turn produced fresh complaints.
608: 3.920178: It stirred not, but seemed gathered up in the gloom, like some gigantic monster ready to spring upon the traveller.
716: 3.9195664: Madly he ran to the other window of the room, tore back the shutters, shivered the glass, and flung his rifle to his shoulder.
688: 3.9175894: There was no sign of human life in that quiet place with owls hooting and rabbits rustling in the undergrowth.
580: 3.9148874: My fear was of having to deal with the intolerable question of the grounds of his dismissal from school, for that was really but the question of the horrors gathered behind.
531: 3.9134402: It is peculiar to elective symbols, and will be found of great importance in enabling us to reduce our results to forms meet for interpretation.
670: 3.9130433: She set the dish on, touched my guardian quietly on the arm with a finger to notify that dinner was ready, and vanished.
678: 3.911842: No more lonely inns and deserted villages for him; henceforth he would make certain of comfort and peace.
1100: 3.9096808: Poetry is a sword of lightning, ever unsheathed, which consumes the scabbard that would contain it.
382: 3.9095032: He went outside, sought the shade of a large flowertree, and sat down with his back leaning against the bole.
1758: 3.906234: A type is a kind of label that every expression has. It tells us in which category of things that expression fits.
579: 3.9056349: Forbidden ground was the question of the return of the dead in general and of whatever, in especial, might survive, in memory, of the friends little children had lost.
581: 3.8977942: There were plenty of people to help, but of course the young lady who should go down as governess would be in supreme authority.
1134: 3.8968143: Like snails, we were fixed to our shells, and I declare it is easy to lead a snail's life.
1919: 3.896222: So the animals trooped down to the hayfield to begin the harvest, and when they came back in the evening it was noticed that the milk had disappeared.
436: 3.893522: As has been pointed out before, there was practically one handwriting common to the whole school when it came to writing lines.
1832: 3.89013: It is so shocking to find out how many people do not believe that they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult.
321: 3.8863006: Rich food was brought them and noble wines, and she had her own pages to wait upon the wants of the yeomen.
736: 3.8848505: In a great vat of pulp a drum covered with wire cloth revolves, and on it a thin sheet of pulp settles.
366: 3.8823588: Living animals move again and again, and yet need no winding up, for they are always winding themselves up.
753: 3.8788157: You want the upper leather to keep the cold air from coming in; and also porous enough to let the perspiration out.
2150: 3.8778682: The longer you sit and wait, the more the fear kicks in because your instincts are that you know what the reality is.
765: 3.8777673: These three ideas and five propositions thus became, as it were, hostages for the whole of traditional pure mathematics.
434: 3.876513: Before he went to bed that night he put his watch on half an hour, wound it up, and placed it on a chair at his bedside.
750: 3.8748457: While one line of machines has been perfecting the plate, others have been at work on screws and wheels and springs.
295: 3.8747423: Newspapers which had hinted at a general strike, and the inauguration of a reign of terror, were forced to hide their diminished heads.
528: 3.8712137: Yet there are cases in which such inferences may lawfully be drawn, and in unrestricted argument they are of frequent occurrence.
766: 3.870846: This form of expression is more convenient when it is necessary to indicate which is the variable constituent which we are taking as the argument to our propositional function.
2301: 3.870469: The first time I can remember feeling truly powerless, I was three, and I was trapped sideways in a bucket in the garage.
503: 3.870374: The benefits of a standardized measurement of input speed are that it enables comparison across language and hardware boundaries.
679: 3.8689685: Away on the right came sounds, a thud of galloping horses on grass and the jingle of bridle reins and the voices of men.
680: 3.8686666: He found himself dropped roughly on the ground and forced to walk, and was aware that his legs were inclined to wobble.
516: 3.8674624: Newton gives first a special solution to the second problem in which he resorts to a rule for which he has given no proof.
731: 3.867002: A mill manager who has been very successful has given to those of less experience some wise directions about running a mill.
653: 3.8669784: Put the case that, at the same time he held a trust to find a child for an eccentric rich lady to adopt and bring up.
1030: 3.8666441: We should encourage our children to aspire to achieve more than we have, for our children today will be the leaders of tomorrow.
975: 3.8646202: Power isn't determined by your size, but the size of your heart and dreams!
386: 3.863737: One building was lighted up even at this hour, and he shrewdly guessed it might be a place where men drank.
1855: 3.8559496: Hey, life is maybe short, but it is still the longest thing you will ever do.
1547: 3.854984: I could be flying. I could be reaching at the skies. I could be sailing, over the seas, whatever it means.
758: 3.8522902: Two pieces are stamped out and joined by a particularly noisy machine, and then the balloon is blown out by compressed air.
592: 3.8513353: An old mouse was running in and out over the stone doorstep, carrying peas and beans to her family in the wood.
385: 3.8482661: Hanlon could read the surface thoughts in each mind, but only occasionally at first could he understand what they were discussing.
387: 3.8470833: Egon complimented him highly on his act, which he said he had seen twice already, and upon the perfect training of his animals.
626: 3.8364956: It was a very useful note, for it supplied them with fresh matter for thought and conversation during the rest of their lonely evening.
634: 3.835522: But he now reclined on his settee, taking very little notice of me, and talking principally about turnips.
522: 3.8322246: The greatest strength is found to lie, not in the suppression of either, but in the friendly rivalry between the two, and in the stimulating influence of the one upon the other.
636: 3.8287847: Afterwards she kept her hands there for a little while, and slowly took them away as if they were heavy.
1711: 3.826079: Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
1191: 3.82324: The small boy was playing in the yard, with small pieces of brick and wood that a builder had left.
692: 3.8227572: Usually it is shallow, but now it was swollen to an average depth of a foot or more, and there were deeper pockets.
514: 3.818961: There is, of course, the converse artistic method of preparing the imagination by the presentation of subordinate or special details, and then gradually rising to a crisis.
527: 3.8180883: Our present concern is rather with the laws of combination and of succession, by which its results are governed, and of these it will suffice to notice the following.
470: 3.8179917: You have fared but very indifferently because this is a poor village; but everywhere else, you will be received as you deserve.
395: 3.8170528: The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
285: 3.8170528: The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
1946: 3.816582: Do not imagine, comrades, that leadership is a pleasure! On the contrary, it is a deep and heavy responsibility.
892: 3.816334: Just when you think the world couldn't get any colder, something good always grows.
619: 3.816074: His wife took the baby in her arms to go with him to the wagon, and the children, still crying, trailed on behind.
852: 3.8137407: Perhaps the children had found out the universal language which everyone can understand, and which wise men so far have not found.
979: 3.8119154: People only find me interesting because they can't tell whether I'm serious or not.
133: 3.8089838: Knowledge always has the potential to be dangerous. It is a more powerful weapon than any sword or spell.
144: 3.807621: At some point in your childhood you and your friends went outside to play together for the last time and nobody knew.
2292: 3.8050785: Forgetting is like a wound. The wound may heal, but it has already left a scar.
535: 3.7990468: We shall prefer to contemplate the problem of the solution of elective equations under its most general aspect, which is the object of the succeeding investigations.
691: 3.7989485: Perhaps all romance in its hour of happening was rough and ugly like this, and only shone rosy in the retrospect.
392: 3.7956042: Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
1080: 3.7932847: You'd have done better to clothe yourself in knowledge, for all the good your scraps of armor did you.
451: 3.793118: It was, of course, only a bad, underbred habit that showed bad education and a false idea of good manners.
1926: 3.792528: These two disliked each other so much that it was difficult for them to come to any agreement, even in defence of their own interests.
802: 3.792459: You are sure to respect those you can't understand, for you feel that perhaps they know more than you do.
751: 3.78559: This embroidery is not a meaningless fashion, for the lines make the hand look much more slender and of a better shape.
342: 3.78346: Again the rope was attached and he was launched, and again he struck out, but this time straight into the stream.
309: 3.7818933: She seemed only half satisfied, and went back into the house, with an expression of doubt upon her face.
641: 3.7809513: Campbell consigned to him, and felt a strong personal interest in his being well cared for, and living a secluded life.
1622: 3.7797585: There is no good and evil, there is only power and those too weak to seek it.
1681: 3.7791715: Life is too complicated to navigate by means of just a list of Dos and Don'ts.
777: 3.7759366: This industry would become extinct if something were to happen to sever the connection between external expressions and the internal nature of men and women.
2232: 3.769634: A flower blooming in the desert proves to the world that adversity, no matter how great, can be overcome.
2002: 3.7620714: Clover was an old stout mare now, stiff in the joints and with a tendency to rheumy eyes.
633: 3.7609239: He never smoked so late, and it seemed to hint to me that he wanted comforting, for some reason or other.
315: 3.7598264: All around, was spread the extraordinary desolation of stillness, that had so impressed me during my previous wanderings across its starkness.
940: 3.7577744: You look up when you wish to be exalted. And I look down because I am exalted.
1283: 3.7552645: Wealth converts a strange land into homeland and poverty turns a native place into a strange land.
427: 3.749384: Men who before this change seemed to have been hid in caves dispersed themselves and were employed in various arts of cultivation.
556: 3.747679: It was rough and simple, and not unlike what baby bears would have made of an underground house in the same circumstances.
433: 3.7473996: There was a large room at the back of the shop, and here oceans of hot tea and tons of toast were consumed.
664: 3.7414098: They came in again without finding anything, and then we struck out on the open marshes, through the gate at the side of the churchyard.
478: 3.7390628: These machines, and similar products from other manufacturers, used a separate correction ribbon and a character memory.
722: 3.736586: Notice how neatly the ends of the fingers are finished, with never an end of thread left on the right side.
2053: 3.7338777: To upset fate, cooperation is often necessary. A hundred arrows are more effective than a single one.
347: 3.733852: At her present rate of progress it would be an hour, perhaps, before she came to anchorage within the harbour.
850: 3.7320015: If you come to think of it, there must be some language that everyone could understand, if we only knew what it was.
549: 3.7306595: He was a brave man, but for a moment he had to stop there and wipe his brow, which was dripping like a candle.
294: 3.7220988: From the way she had studiously avoided looking at him, and her action with the light, he came to the conclusion that the room was overlooked.
2103: 3.719784: All mysterious happenings, all fresh and quickening hopes, had gone away with her and came back to her.
909: 3.7172945: The concept of hope is nothing more than giving up. A word that holds no true meaning.
491: 3.7138093: Besides the character keys, a keyboard incorporates special keys that do nothing by themselves but modify the functions of other keys.
447: 3.709485: When we have to change an opinion about any one, we charge heavily to his account the inconvenience he thereby causes us.
1021: 3.703134: Mankind has explored the boundaries of his own solar system, and now he reaches out to the endless interstellar distances of the universe.
806: 3.6983593: He was here before the ocean came, and he stayed here because he learned to like the water better than the land as a habitation.
310: 3.6979864: The sun slid down to the horizon, and seemed, as it were, to disappear from my sight, almost with a jerk.
1215: 3.6892457: The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
660: 3.685304: All this made the feast delightful, and when the waiter was not there to watch me, my pleasure was without alloy.
1559: 3.6818: But that is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given us.
2062: 3.6802435: If you could only see the joy you've showed to me, I think you would realize everything we could be.
803: 3.6773844: There is no lack of gold here, but it is not as precious as it is upon the earth because here we have no need of money.
2018: 3.677107: Relationships are like a rope, if you cut it and tie it back together, it brings both ends closer to each other.
629: 3.674507: The introduction must be unpleasant, whenever it takes place; and the sooner it could be over, the better.
658: 3.6707013: Presently we saw other torches kindled at some distance behind us, and others on the marshes on the opposite bank of the river.
672: 3.6700494: From that room, too, the daylight was completely excluded, and it had an airless smell that was oppressive.
992: 3.6655848: Since you are the representative of the company who discovered this species your percentage will naturally be some serious, serious money.
752: 3.6586776: Cotton comes to the factory tightly pressed in bales, and the work of the manufacturer is to make it into these little threads.
2391: 3.6549706: I think there should be a rule that everyone in the world should get a standing ovation at least once in their lives.
1313: 3.6517982: For somebody who is supposedly a mad genius I'm not seeing much of the genius.
466: 3.6503096: I began to think of this house of mine, of this fireside, of some of you, and with such thoughts came a longing that was pain.
1228: 3.6363273: Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
344: 3.6355784: Two ships that at the distance seemed of considerable burden were heading towards them some five miles away.
661: 3.6335602: Without encroaching on forbidden ground, we may venture to say that there can be no doubt between ourselves of that fact.
1282: 3.6304896: A fool's mind is at the mercy of his tongue and a wise man's tongue is under the control of his mind.
1192: 3.6304355: Although his money was little, he bought her a red dress and a white thing that they called a turban for her head.
881: 3.6285348: The public schools ought to give the same mathematics to all up to that level where the need is common to all.
211: 3.6285098: What she had realized was that love was that moment when your heart was about to burst.
457: 3.6280172: He was dressed in ordinary evening clothes, and nothing save his haggard look remained of the change that had startled me.
362: 3.620446: Rokoff did not hesitate to use rough methods when he found that he was to have difficulty in carrying out his designs.
333: 3.619049: Learning is rampant in the land, and valuable information is pasted up in the streetcars so that he who rides may read.
2398: 3.6188788: After they came and destroyed the land, there was one spark of hope left for all of mankind.
218: 3.6187785: What makes something special is not just what you have to gain, but what you feel there is to lose.
1193: 3.6166306: Output devices, on the other hand, are the devices that provide output to the user of the computer.
682: 3.6149473: It is an old place and an hospitable, for it has been for generations a haunt of anglers, who above all other men understand comfort.
489: 3.614383: It is also possible to add a second set of characters to a keyboard with keyboard stickers manufactured by third parties.
383: 3.6109338: The language had been learned, after a fashion, as had much of the planetary economics and governmental intricacies.
2010: 3.61066: Their sole wish, now and in the past, was to live at peace and in normal business relations with their neighbours.
1198: 3.6092198: Another car swung across the path, but the guide did not falter, and the car came to a stop.
334: 3.608556: He was frankly grateful to her for refusing him; and, the mask of affectation slipped, she saw in him another man.
325: 3.607599: It is bad enough, in all conscience, to be insulted, but the truth of an insult is the barb that prevents its retraction.
759: 3.605337: Through these eyes the threads of the warp are drawn, the odd ones through one, and the even through the other.
1212: 3.598416: No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong.
875: 3.5970254: As a matter of fact children and youth are a part of the total community of which the mature adults are the natural and responsible leaders.
510: 3.5949059: Our limited intellects cannot deal with complicated material all at once, and our method of arrangement is that of approximation.
460: 3.594394: Like the others, it was rimmed with bronze, curiously wrought, and protected by a little cupola from the rain.
1019: 3.5927055: Football is a game of opinion and there are perhaps people in your profession who don't like the way you do your bit.
467: 3.588087: They fought with the fury of the lions, tigers, and serpents of the country, to see who should have us.
110: 3.5853765: Looking up into the night sky is looking into infinity - distance is incomprehensible and therefore meaningless.
330: 3.5796607: His suavity and blandness forgotten in the presence of death, he mounted with confident alacrity to heights of greatness.
824: 3.576708: In building telephone instruments or connecting them up, care and accuracy will go a long way towards success.
709: 3.5755692: All the vigour of the morning seemed to have gone out of his blood; he felt lonely and apprehensive and puzzled.
2361: 3.573754: All I want to do is sleep all day because sometimes, in my dreams, you're still here.
645: 3.5711863: Cowering forward for warmth and to make me a screen against the wind, the convicts were closer to me than before.
1621: 3.5705268: It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends.
316: 3.561563: A minute, and then another, and we reached the confines of the wood coming out at last upon the bare rockiness of the countryside.
776: 3.5606582: He dislikes business, is repelled by its standards and has no place in any of its purely commercial branches.
236: 3.5592165: No one has the same personality when viewed from all angles, and no one has the same personality at all times.
1197: 3.5518367: People are waiting there in hundreds, but the train rushes past, leaving them disappointed.
748: 3.5482955: Above the mould is a piece of iron cut in the shape of the inside curve of the bowl or whatever is being made.
1751: 3.5423486: Because the else is mandatory, an if statement will always return something and that's why it's an expression.
1939: 3.5408921: But of all their controversies, none was so bitter as the one that took place over the windmill.
2293: 3.5399265: If you do not believe that you are the best, then you will never achieve everything that you are capable of.
717: 3.5387366: Almost at once the door at the end on the left side was flung open and a large figure appeared flourishing a napkin.
432: 3.5318525: At the end of the first quarter of a minute they would be out of bed, and you would be wondering where they picked up such expressions.
812: 3.5282853: To play logically means to subordinate all combinations to a leading plan of campaign, but there is difficulty in finding the latter.
99: 3.5259345: It's always a good idea to demonstrate to your coworkers that you are capable of withstanding a tremendous amount of pain.
630: 3.5232008: He was on foot, and after looking very respectfully at her, looked with most unfeigned satisfaction at her companion.
341: 3.5119808: She no longer considered the dogs, and because she was sore and tired, she persisted in riding on the sled.
775: 3.5109067: Not until he wakes up some morning with the poorhouse staring him in the face does he give it serious consideration.
584: 3.5061324: Nothing was more natural than that these things should be the other things that they absolutely were not.
841: 3.4882755: The better educated and the more enlightened you are, the better fitted you will be for your civic responsibility.
1013: 3.4808774: I believe in the truth as an essential companion to a man of conscience, a beacon in the vast and dark wasteland of our modern world.
2051: 3.478042: Though seeing, they do not see; though hearing, they do not hear or understand.
1485: 3.4747095: Oh, it was easy, really. I just listened to the sound of complete and utter betrayal and followed that.
1953: 3.470758: The animals watched his coming and going with a kind of dread, and avoided him as much as possible.
627: 3.46842: I do suspect he would not have had a pair of horses for himself, and that it was only as an excuse for assisting them.
798: 3.4591863: Experience is the only thing that brings knowledge, and the longer you are on earth the more experience you are sure to get.
817: 3.45414: So long as the hand has not left the piece to be moved, the latter can be placed on any accessible square.
1071: 3.447824: Look around you, and all you will see are people the world would be better off without.
2055: 3.4451315: For a moment, nothing happened. Then, after a second or so, nothing continued to happen.
612: 3.4370372: Though the night was dark and dismal, yet the form of the unknown might now in some degree be ascertained.
988: 3.4346242: Maybe we as officers have a responsibility to this country to see that the men and women charged with its security are trained professionals.
31: 3.4306293: Nic, I offer to help, not because I think you need it, but because I know you don't.
623: 3.4298563: Elton are by situation called together; you belong to one another by every circumstance of your respective homes.
352: 3.428755: Therefore he perfectly understood why mademoiselle should bound up at sight of him, and shrink back in fear.
710: 3.4204655: Obviously he had no grudge against the driver, who to his immense surprise was rewarded with ten shillings.
402: 3.4045615: When you're trying to learn a new technique, first you have to understand yourself.
792: 3.4015257: Waldinger found that those who were happiest and healthier reported strong interpersonal relationships.
1596: 3.3969574: For it is easy to criticize and break down the spirit of others, but to know yourself takes a lifetime.
391: 3.3942199: I know of a girl who drifted on a colorless sea through a fog of nothingness, and this is the story of how she came to be there.
512: 3.389791: Any limitation whatsoever upon the generality of theorems, or of proofs, or of interpretation is abhorrent to the mathematical instinct.
738: 3.3883379: Then was the time when we appreciated the little match and thought with profound respect of the men who invented and perfected it.
1184: 3.3814437: There is a fine line between consideration and hesitation. The former is wisdom, the latter is fear.
778: 3.3654392: His only chance of compensation for it lies in its use before juries, congregations or large audiences.
574: 3.3587842: Last evening, in the firelight and the silence, he sat with me for two hours as if it were just coming.
506: 3.358274: Again consider the integers and fractions together, omitting the points which correspond to the incommensurable ratios.
1531: 3.3547676: While it is always best to believe in oneself, a little help from others can be a great blessing.
568: 3.3525856: It appeared that the narrative he had promised to read us really required for a proper intelligence a few words of prologue.
346: 3.3440108: I accept it as the only way to save us all from the certain destruction into which my own act may have brought us.
2233: 3.3373125: Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, drawing them from their homes.
311: 3.335192: I would much have liked to take him with me; but this was next to impossible, in the existing circumstances.
185: 3.316483: I'm not fighting because I want to win, I'm fighting because I have to win.
1765: 3.3158236: Mapping and filtering is the bread and butter of every functional programmer's toolbox.
297: 3.2969806: In the row ahead of her, and a little to her right, were two people who regarded her curiously as she entered.
2021: 3.295448: In addition to knowing the secrets of the universe, I can assure you, I am quite potty trained.
1934: 3.2782202: He gave his orders quickly, and in a couple of minutes every animal was at his post.
606: 3.2721868: There was something in the moody and dogged silence of this pertinacious companion that was mysterious and appalling.
458: 3.2716858: It seemed to me that the best thing we could do would be to pass the night in the open, protected by a fire.
711: 3.2704349: On a table lay the remains of breakfast, and the odour of food mingled pleasantly with the scent of peat.
374: 3.240729: There is a pleasure in yielding to some temptations that more than compensates for the pain of any previous resistance.
2075: 3.1847308: Laws aren't perfect, because humans who created laws aren't perfect. It's impossible to be perfect. However, the laws are evidence of the human struggle to be righteous.
712: 3.1825867: This was the kind of chance acquaintance for whom he had hoped, and he was prepared to make the most of him.
537: 3.1822827: These are connected together by the copula is, or is not, or by some other modification of the substantive verb.
770: 3.1782978: Of the many consequences which flow from the law of duality, this is perhaps the most deserving of attention.
674: 3.1696687: Herbert assented to all this, and we went out immediately after breakfast to pursue our investigations.
1231: 3.161073: It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.
519: 3.1454823: All problems previously treated in a special and uncertain manner were referred back to a few general principles.
379: 3.115435: I give you my word of honour that, if you'll only remain quiet and leave everything to me, you shall very soon be released from this absurd position.
2113: 3.0886376: The game of keeping what one has is never so exciting as the game of getting.
423: 3.0881076: My sufferings were augmented also by the oppressive sense of the injustice and ingratitude of their infliction.
1216: 3.0655649: When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
1211: 3.0571659: No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it.
683: 3.0374262: Her face was turned seaward, and she stood for a little scanning the broad channel, shading her eyes as if to search for something on the extreme horizon.
769: 3.0052803: Thus our knowledge in regard to all such collections can only be derived from a definition by intension.
2111: 2.9989831: I am off to a flying start and I must not halt in the stretch to look behind and weep.
877: 2.9836776: In the advanced classes, mathematics should be differentiated according to the needs of different pupils.
639: 2.9744573: Daylight never entered the house as to my thoughts and remembrances of it, any more than as to the actual fact.
729: 2.8924813: Rubber cannot be melted and cast in moulds like iron, but it can be gently heated and softened, and then pressed into a mould.
1294: 2.8845873: Lack of something to feel important about is almost the greatest tragedy a man may have.
277: 2.857699: He remembered the sound of her voice and the sweetness of her lips, and he loved her.
1121: 2.8502316: I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university.
878: 2.8066015: The main object of the reading should be the mastery of the thought rather than the study of the construction.
396: 2.778211: Human relationships are like chemical reactions. If you have a reaction then you can never return back to your previous state of being.
1210: 2.6193006: It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
545: 2.456788: They read it just after they had hung up their stockings before one of the big fireplaces in their house.
1209: 2.1885118: We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
115: 1.0649334: Sometimes a hypocrite is nothing more than a man in the process of changing.